
0
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
RIC'S INTERNSHIPS PORTAL FOR ICT STUDENTS Question: what is the website of RIC
ICT Internship website? Answer: This is the website of RIC ICT Internship
website https://sites.google.com/rsu.ac.th/sic/home Question: how many options
for internship at ICT Program Rangsit International college? Answer: There are
two options for Internship at RIC ICT Program (Option 1) Internship and Senior
Project (6 credits) and (Option 2) ICT 498 Co-operative Education (6 credits)
Question: Tell me details of internship options. Answer: There are two options
for Internship at RIC ICT Program (Option 1) Internship and Senior Project (6
credits) 1(0-35-18) ICT 493 Internship (1 credit) Students will enter an
industrial training program with the industrial sector, the business sector, or
other public organizations for a period of at least 280 hours. Students need to
work at least 280 hours or 2 months for internship. Student is required to do
the report. 2(2-0-4) ICT 494 Introduction to

3
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
complete. Work Placement Accept – 5% complete. Job Description form sign up from
workplace (ICTCE02 Co Operative Education Job Description form) – 10% complete.
ICT Department issue the letter for work placement (Letter of request for work
placement * giving to the employer) 10% complete. Teacher visiting (ICTCE03
confirmation form of workplace supervision of Coop Edu supervision program) –
15% complete. Weekly progress report (ICTCE04 Weekly process report form) – 35%
complete. Evaluate work performance ( ICTCE05 Co operative education evaluation
form from job supervisor) –

1
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Senior Project (2 credits) Before you start the internship or co operative
education, Students must earned at least 45 credits of required major courses or
acquire consent from Head of Program. Creation of senior project topics;
outlining and drafting senior projects; citations and reference formats; writing
introduction for senior projects; compilation of theories; frameworks and
existed works and/or related researches; writing for senior project
methodologies; development and presentation of models and/or tools used in
senior projects; preliminary examination of senior project proposals. 3(0-6-3)
ICT 495 Senior Project (3 credits) . Students must finished ICT 494 Introduction
to Senior Project and/or must earned at least 50 credits of required major
courses or acquire consent of Head of Program. Completion of senior projects;
printing standard for full senior projects; preparation for final examination of
senior projects; final examination of

4
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
50% complete. Evaluate internship report (ICTCE06 Student evaluation form from
job advisor/ supervisor) – 60% complete. Consent to publish report (ICTCE07 –
Letter of consent to publish report / co operative education project) 70%
complete. Submit Report ( cooperative education report for 1 job supervisor , 2
co operative supervisor, 3 the committee) – 80% complete. Presentation
(Student’s evaluation form (for job advisor/ supervisor for 1 job supervisor , 2
co operative supervisor, 3 the committee) – 90% complete. Amendment & Submit
final draft report ( within 2 weeks after presentation) – 100% complete.
Question: Tell me steps of GRADUATION REQUEST PROCESS RANGSIT UNIVERSITY 1.
Answer:Keeping in mind to note the specific period for near-graduated students
to request graduation according to the academic calendar, the steps:Start
Graduation Request (0%). Visit the Registrar’s office website or directly access
http://registrar.rsu.ac.th/applyforgraduate (period for
near-graduated).Authentication

5
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
(10%). Log in with your Username (with 'u' in front) and Password (same as the
Intranet system). Input Information (20%). Fill in your address details for
document dispatch. Print Forms (30%). Print out the Curriculum Structure Form
(RSU.36) and Graduation Request Form (RSU.62). Payment (40%). Pay the 200 Baht
fee via the provided payment channels (QR code available). Photo Submission
(50%). Obtain a 2-inch photo in graduation gown against a blue background.
Advisor Approval (60%). Get the Curriculum Structure Form (RSU.36) approved and
signed by your advisor. Form Submission (70%). Submit the RSU.36 and RSU.62
forms along with the photograph to the Registrar’s office before the deadline
(period for near-graduated).Confirmation (80%). Receive acknowledgment of
submission from the Registrar’s office.Final Verification (90%). Wait for the
verification process by the University Council.Graduation Approval (100%).
Receive confirmation of graduation approval.

6
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: How many forms do I need to fill for internship and co operative
education Answer: There are 7 application forms for internship and co operative
education 1. ICTCE01 - Looking for work placement (Co-operative Education
Application Form) 2. ICTCE02 - Job description form sign up from workplace
(Co-operative Education Job Description Form) 3. ICTCE03 - (Confirmation Form of
Workplace Supervision of Co-operative Education Supervision Program) 4. ICTCE04
- Weekly Progress Report (Weekly Progress Report Form) 5. ICTCE05 - Evaluate
Work Performance Co-operative Education Evaluation Form (For Job Supervisor) 6.
ICTCE06 - Evaluate Internship Report Student’s Evaluation Form (For Job Advisor
/ Supervisor) 7. ICTCE07 - Consent to Publish Report (Letter of Consent to
Publish Report / Co- operative Education Project) How many internship options
have in RIC. There are two internship options 1. Internship and 2 . Co operative
Education.

2
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
senior projects. 6(0-35-18). (Option 2) ICT 498 Co-operative Education (6
credits) Students must earned at least 60 credits of major courses or acquire
consent from Head of Program. Minimum of 16 weeks or 560 hours must be achieved
to complete co operative education. This program is designed to enhance
traditional academic study by providing students the opportunity to integrate
academic study and classroom theory with productive and real-life work
experience in Information and Communication Technology field at a work site in
the community. It also provides the time to explore occupational areas and to
develop skills, knowledge and attitudes needed to become productive and
satisfied members of society. Question: Timeline for internship and co-operative
Answer: There are 12 steps for Timeline for internship and co-operative each
steps have complete percentages 1. Looking for work placement (ICTCE01 Co
Operative Education Application Form) -0%

7
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: How to find internship or co operative education. Answer: You can try
to find internship from these glints, internjobs.com, experience by simplicity,
internsg, glassdoor, hiredly, LinkedIn, wayup, Asia Internship program,
gradsingapore. FAQ : Frequently Asked Questions Question: What are the
admissions requirements? Answer: The academic entry requirement is high school
diploma or equivalent and IELTS 5 or equivalent. Question: What if don’t have
any recent IELTS scores? Answer: Students can take an English Placement Test
(free-of-charge) once they arrive at the university. If a student’s English
level is below the minimum requirement of IELTS 5, the student would need to
take some English subjects before starting the program. Please see the section
English Placement Test for more details. Question: How long does the admissions
process take? Answer: Once we have the completed application file, including all
required materials, it usually

8
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
takes a few days to a week for application processing, review, and for your
Letter of Acceptance to be sent by email. You will then be required to pay a
non-refundable partial payment 30% of tuition fees of the semester before your
visa supporting document is granted. The remaining 70% of the fees are paid once
you arrived at the university. Please note, the partial payment may be changed
based on your country of origin. Question: Where do I get my visa and how long
does it take to have it? Answer: Once we received the non-refundable partial
payment 30% of tuition fees, we will process your visa supporting document and
send to you via email or postal. Then you can lodge your visa application at
nearest Thai Embassy or consulate in your country, which could take at least 1
week to 1 month, depending on the visa processing requirement of the Thai
embassy or consulate in your country, which you have provided to us during your
online application.

9
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: What documents must I present to get my visa? Answer: We will provide
you a scan copy of the visa issuance letter sent to your email and these
documents are also sent by EMS to the postal address you specified on the online
application form. Once you received the original visa issuance letter, all these
documents must be submitted to the Thai embassy or consulate for you to be
granted the visa. Question: What if I studied before from another college or
university? Answer: If you have successfully completed units or subjects from
another institution, either in Thailand or overseas or from a different degree
at Rangsit University, you may apply for credit transfer that may reduce the
time you take to complete your current degree. The student is allowed to
transfer a maximum of 75% of the total credits for the current program he is
studying. The subjects eligible for credit transfer must have an exact
equivalent credit value or higher, and a completed grade of C or above.

10
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Please see the section Credit Transfer for more details. Question: Do you
require SAT/ACT scores? Answer: The university does not require SAT/ACT scores
to be admitted to the international programs. Question: Do you require letters
of reference? Answer: We do not require letters of reference and do not use them
as part of the admissions process. Question: How early should a student apply?
And how many intakes are there in Rangsit international college. Answer You
should allow at least 2 months before semester starts. Applying early is
important. There are 3 intakes for Rangsit international college. Our intakes
are ; Summer (June-July) 1st Semester (August to December) 2nd Semester (January
to May) Applications are accepted on a rolling basis and normally take at least
2 to 4 weeks until the student has received the visa. Question: What is the next
step once I receive my visa? Answer: Student can now book their air ticket to
fly to Thailand and start booking their

12
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
required. Once we received the application, we will notify you of the schedule
of Skype interview which is at the specified local date and time. Question: How
do you determine scholarship eligibility?

13
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: Scholarship applicants are reviewed and interviewed by the scholarship
committee. Factors taken into consideration include, but are not limited to: are
grade point average (GPA), coursework, test scores, extracurricular activities,
and community involvement. Question: How do I contact the university if I need
more information? Answer: Students can email rsuip@rsu.ac.th, call +662 997 2200
ext. 4012, 4019, or connect to social media like Facebook, Line, Instagram and
Twitter, which are all available on this web site. Question: what are the
English Language Requirement for Rangsit International college (RIC) a.
Englishis theapplicant’s first languageor; b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR
framework; or c. An IELTS (Academic) overall score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of
at least 500 in Paper-Based Test; 173 in Computer-Based Test; 60 in
Internet-Based Test or; e. CU-TEP Test equivalent score of 70 or other approved
equivalents or;

14
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
f. Pass the Rangsit University International College (RIC) Placement Test *An
applicant who does not meet the English language requirement will take the RIC
Eng- lish Foundation Programme before they can start the degree program.
Question: How can I Reserved Graduation Gown of RSU Graduation Ceremony Answer:
Announcement Dear All Ready-to-Be RIC Graduates This is the graduation news in
terms of gown For those who are graduate and willing to participate in the
graduation ceremony of 2023, the Book store of RSU opens the period of
reservation of the graduation gown at 2nd floor, building 9, every Monday-Friday
(08.30-16.00), except the lunch time and holidays. Moreover, please note that
you can reserve it and have to wait 1 month later from the day of your
reservation. Also, if you cannot come to get it by yourself, please give your
receipt and the rest of money to that person who can come to get. DON’T LOSE
YOUR RECEIPT!  For the Bachelor’s degree, .....

15
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
– Rent fee of 1,900 baht (Deposits 1,000 baht) – Tailor-made rental fee of 2,800
baht (Deposits 1,500 baht) – Tailor-made cut fee of 2,800 baht (Deposits 2,000
baht)  For the Master’s degree, ..... – Rent fee of 2,000 baht (Deposits 1,000
baht) – Tailor-made rental fee of 3,000 baht (Deposits 2,000 baht) – Tailor-made
cut fee of 3,000 baht (Deposits 2,000 baht) PS. This is one of your options
which you can choose or you can make it with the outside tailor- made graduation
shops Question: What are the emergency protocols while we live in Thailand.
Answer: Emergency Protocol An emergency is unpredictable. The best approach to
avoid accident or emergency is taking precaution when you travel, using public
transports and how you exposing yourself.

16
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Be cautious! Do not use motor-bike if you are not familiar with roading behavior
in Thailand Do not expose yourself in vulnerable areas eg. walking at night
alone Do not carry a large amount of cash Do not insult other people such as
pointing a finger to the face, staring or any other offended behavior Use common
sense in public or in a crowded area Please report to ISS office when you travel
for holidays For travel report form: https://form.jotform.me/rsuvie/tr In the
case of an emergency, you should follow a protocol as follows Contact your
friend or advising teacher for assistance Report to Faculty staff Contact the
office of ISC (Visa and Insurance Office – building 11-2nd floor) To contact
authorities for help. Dial 191 for Police Dial 1155 for Tourist Police
(www.thailandtouristpolice.com) particularly in tourist areas Dial 1669 for an
ambulance or medical emergency Question: what are the undergraduate academic
entry requirements

17
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: For direct admission into undergraduate courses offered by Rangsit
University, one of the the following requirements must be met: 1. Academic Entry
Requirement a. Completed Upper Secondary School (M.6 Certificate) or its
equivalent as recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education or; b. Completed High
School Grade 12 (US System) or; c. Passed 5 subjects of Cambridge IGCSE or
O-Level with a Grade C or above (British System) or; d. Completed International
Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma 2. English Language Requirement* a. English is the
applicant’s first language or; b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or
c. An IELTS (Academic) overall score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500
in Paper-Based Test; 173 in Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet- Based Test or;
e. CU-TEP Test equivalent score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass
the Rangsit University International College (RIC) Placement Test

18
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
*An applicant who does not meet the English language requirement will take the
RIC English Foundation Programme before they can start the degree program. For
RIC English Foundation Programm, please click This is the website link of
English Foundation Programm https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/english-foundation/
IMPORTANT REMINDER: 1. Original documents or certified copies of original
documents.

19
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
2. Police clearance from the country of origin stating that the applicant has no
previous criminal record or any related offense. The two documents could be sent
by post to: Rangsit University International College (RIC), Rangsit university
52/347 Muang-Ake, Phahonyothin Road, Lak-Hok, Pathum Tani 12000, Thailand
CERTIFIED DOCUMENTS For applicants coming from the 54 African countries
https://www.countries-ofthe- world.com/countries-of-africa.html, two additional
requirements are needed Students can send original documents or certified copies
of original documents to Rangsit University. A certified copy is a photocopy of
an original document, which has been certified as a true copy of the original by
an authorized person from the country of origin. To get a document certified:
Make a photocopy of the original document Take the original and the copy to an
authorized person. The person must make the following written statement on every
page, ‘I have sighted the original

20
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
document and certify this to be a true copy of the original’, along with their
signature and designation/job title (for example, Pharmacist). Question: What is
postgraduate academic entry requirements Answer: postgraduate academic entry
requirements are for direct admission into postgraduate courses offered by
Rangsit University, international applicants must have completed an approved
Bachelor Degree or its equivalent as recognized by the Thai Ministry of
Education. Foundation courses will be added should the undergraduate degree of
the applicant is not related to the program he/she is applying (for example,
Master of Education) Question: How to contact RIC Answer: CONTACT US The email
of Rangsit International College RIC Email : rsuip@rsu.ac.th The Telephone of
RIC: + 66 (0)2 997-2200 ext 4012, 4019 The Fax of RIC: +66 (0)2 997-2200 ext
4016 Question: What is the address of RIC. Answer: ADDRESS of Rangsit
Univerisity

22
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Srinuan Ketkaew is the Senior Administration Staff Pawanee Thanyasukvanich
(Ting) is the Senior Academic Affairs Supervisor Kittima Tangtongpetch (Kitty)
is the Foundation Staff Chananan Liangchoosak (Fern) is the Secretary of
Comm.Arts Question: 3+1 program at Rangsit International College (RIC)
Answer:Rangsit University International College “ 3+1 Programmes Pathway to the
World ” RSU 3+1 Programmes Opportunities. Rangsit University students are able
to get the most out of their studies by participating in the 3+1 programme with
RSU. RSU provides a pathway for students to build their resumes and life
experience while traveling and studying in another country. RSU students will
have the chance to study their first year(s) in Thailand and then spend the
final year(s) studying at a different university to earn two degrees for the
field of choice. You can go and study to England, Australia and Finland with 3+1
programs

11
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
accommodation and airport pick-up from the web site. Question: Are students
required to live on campus? Answer: Students are not required to live on campus.
Initially, students are booked to one of the network of apartment located
off-campus that the International Service Center has reserved for them. These
accommodations are in front or beside the university and are easily accessible
by foot. Question: Can I stay inside the campus dormitory? Answer: Because of
the limited number of rooms of on campus accommodation, reservation must be made
at least 2 months in advance. Student can first stay at the off-campus dormitory
provided and once they have settled in, they can reserve the on campus
accommodation. Question: How do students apply for scholarships? Answer: To
qualify for scholarships, students must first complete the online scholarship
application form for the appropriate intake and academic year and attach
relevant documents

23
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
3+1 program around the country such as United Kingdom,Australia and Finland For
United Kingdom have below universities 1. Sheffield Hallam University (SHU) is a
public university in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. It is based on two
sites; the City Campus is located in the city centre near Sheffield railway
station, while the Collegiate Crescent Campus is about two miles away in the
Broomhall Estate off Ecclesall Road in south-west Sheffield. That Sheffield
Hallam University (SHU) is connected with International Business Program from
RIC. Require IELTS 6.0. 2. The foundation stone of University College Hull, then
an external college of the University of London, was laid in 1927 by Prince
Albert, the Duke of York (who later became king as George VI). The college was
built on land donated by Hull City Council and by two local benefactors, Thomas
Ferens and G F Grant. ThatUniversity College Hul is connected with International
Business Program from RIC. Require IELTS 6.0.

21
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
52/347 Muang-Ake Phaholyothin Road Lak-Hok Muang Pathumthani 12000 , Thailand
Question: who are staffs of college Answers: Nudda Karnchananon (Platoo) is the
Secretary of the RIC Dean. Nattawadee Chamnipan (Pla) is the Assistant to
Associate Dean for Student Affairs Kittiphong Suntikitrungruang (Guize) is the
International Student Services Supervisor Kanokphan Somsan (Aor) is the
Secretary of Information and Communication Technology Programm Kanyarat Somchai
(Natty) is the Special Affairs Staff Bongkod Pinitjaroenkul (Ribbin) is the
Academic Affairs Staff Pochara Sanguanpong (Peace) is theStudent Activities
Staff

26
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
1992.[2] In common with the University of Bristol and University of Bath it can
trace its origins to the Merchant Venturers’ Technical College, founded as a
school in 1595 by the Society of Merchant Venturers. That The University of the
West of England, Bristol (UWE Bristol) is connected with International Business
Program from RIC. There is euro 1000-2000 bursary. 6. De Montfort University
(DMU) is a public university in the city of Leicester, England. The University
is organised into four faculties: Art, Design, and Humanities; Business and Law;
Health and Life Sciences; and Technology (comprising Computing Sciences and
Engineering). There is also the Institute of Creative Technologies which
researches the intersections of art, science, technology and multidisciplinary
working. That De Montfort University (DMU) is connected with International
Business Program from RIC. It requires IELTS 6.0 For Australia have below
universities

25
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
other is the much older University of Aberdeen). That Robert Gordon University
is connected with International Business Program from RIC. Require GPA or 2.5 or
above. Evidence of Satisfactory English level. 5. The University of the West of
England, Bristol (UWE Bristol) is a public research university, located in and
around Bristol, England, which received university status in

27
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
1. The University of Canberra (UC) is an innovative, world ranked university
located in Australia’s national capital, a diverse and vibrant city situated
between the Australia Alps and South Coast surf beaches. 3+1 Programme with the
University of Canberra is a perfect way to accelerate your future goals. This
pathway will let you study 3 years at Rangsit University and your final year
studying at University of Canberra. That The University of Canberra (UC) is
connected with B.Com.Arts Communication Arts Bachelor of Fine Arts in Product
Design from RIC. It requires IELTS 6.5 2. Murdoch University is internationally
recognised as a research-led institution with a flexible approach to learning.
Our graduates are sought after by business and industries as a result of the
high-quality teaching and relevant real-world learning. Enrol in the ICT 3+1
programme at Rangsit University and choose your international pathway to study
at

28
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Murdoch University, Australia for a 3+1 Programm. That Murdoch University is
connected with BSc Information and Communication Technology program from RIC. It
requires IELTS 6.0 3. The University of Wollongong (abbreviated as UOW) is an
Australian public research university located in the coastal city of Wollongong,
New South Wales, approximately 80 kilometres south of Sydney. As of 2017 the
university has an enrolment of more than 32,000 students (including over 12,800
international students from 134 countries), an alumni base of more than 131,859
and over 2,000 staff members. That The University of Wollongong (abbreviated as
UOW) is connected with International Business Program from RIC . It requires
IELTS 6.0 For Finland have below universities 1. South-Eastern Finland
University of Applied Sciences (Xamk) is a University of Applied Sciences in
Finland. It was established in the beginning of 2017, when Kymenlaakso

29
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
University of Applied Sciences (Kyamk) and Mikkeli University of Applied
Sciences (Mamk) merged. That university South-Eastern Finland University of
Applied Sciences (Xamk) is connected with BSc Nursing Science program from RIC.
RSU Academic Calendar There are three semester at RIC Semester 1: August -
December Semester 2: January - May Summer: June – July

32
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
number of industrial parks. Pathumthani is also very accessible to Bangkok via
car, bus, train and taxi. How to get to Rangsit University from Suvarnabhumi
Airport? You can get to Rangsit University from Suvarnabhumi Airport by Line 554
Public Van, Taxi and BTS Train. How to get to Rangsit University from Don Muang
Airport?

24
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
3. Anglia Ruskin University has its origins in the Cambridge School of Art,
founded by William John Beamont in 1858. The inaugural address was given by John
Ruskin (often incorrectly described as the founder; in fact he founded the
Ruskin School of Drawing in Oxford). The original location was near Sidney
Sussex College, later moving to its present location in East Road, Cambridge.
That Anglia Ruskin University is connected with International Business Program
from RIC. Euro 2000 as merit scholarships for Rangsit student. IELTS Waived by
The University 4. Robert Gordon University, commonly called RGU, is a public
university in the city of Aberdeen, Scotland. It became a university in 1992,
and originated from an educational institution founded in the 18th century by
Robert Gordon, a prosperous Aberdeen merchant, and various institutions which
provided adult education and technical education in the 19th and early 20th
centuries. It is one of two universities in the city (the

33
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
You can get to Rangsit University from Don Muang Airport by Taxi, Train and
Pick-up Truck(Songthaew) . Why do I have to choose Rangsit University or Rangsit
International College among other universities? Rangsit University, is a leading
private university in Thailand accredited by the Thai Government. Renowned for
academic excellence and international teaching standards, RSU consistently
achieves the highest rating in quality assurance audits by the Ministry of
Education and the Thai Office for National Education Standards and Quality
Assessment. Established in 1986, RSU enrolls over 28,000 students in 134 degree
programs, including 87 undergraduate, 36 master's, and 11 doctoral degrees. The
main campus, situated on a 296 rai site in Pathumthani Province, offers an ideal
study environment just 30 minutes from downtown Bangkok. Surrounded by golf
courses, lakes, sporting facilities, restaurants, and shopping options, the

34
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
campus provides a comprehensive experience. RSU, known for its accessible
accommodation, is well-connected by public transport for students desiring
proximity to Bangkok. What are the missions of RIC? Why do I have to choose RIC
among other universities? RIC’s mission is to provide accessible, personalized,
high quality educational opportunities for local and international students to
ensure that they develop the necessary academic skills and excel in their future
careers and studies. Within a supportive community that encourages students to
seek learning with eagerness, to respect diversity in viewpoints, to participate
in variety of activities both inside and outside of the classroom, RIC guides
students to the means of transforming themselves into confident, capable, and
committed leaders in their fields. In the culturally diverse learning
environment at RIC, which emphasizes student engagement in community, cultural,
and civic concerns, each student will have the opportunity to prepare

35
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
themselves for lifelong success in the 21st century’s global society. Who is the
Dean of Rangsit International College? Asst.Prof.Dr. Kritsada Sriphaew (Aj.Kong)
is the Dean of Rangsit International College. Who is the Associate Dean for
student affairs of Rangsit International College? Prinda Setabundhu (Aj.Pap) is
the Associate Dean of Rangsit International College. Who is the Associate Dean
for academic affairs of Rangsit International College? Amporn Puapradit is the
Associate Dean for Academic Affairs of Rangsit International College. Who is the
Associate Dean for administration affairs of Rangsit International College?
Malisuwan (Aj.Koy) is the Associate Dean for Administration affairs of Rangsit
International College. Who is the head of the International Business Programm?
Ussanee Malisuwan (Aj.Koy) is the head of the International Business Programme.
Who is the head of the Information and Communication Technology Programm?

37
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Fusiripong(Aj.Nueng), Billel Arbaoui (Aj.Bill), Dr.Herison Surbakti . Question:
What is the semester of commencement in RIC undergraduate programs? Answer: RIC
employs the semester system, in which each of the two semesters is 15 weeks and
a summer of 8 weeks in length. Our academic calendar is as follows : there are
three semesters • Summer : June - July • 1st Semester : August - December • 2nd
Semester : January – May • Question: When is the application period for RIC
undergraduate programs? Answer: Summer : February - June • 1st Semester : August
- December • 2nd Semester : January - May Question: What is the English
Requirement for undergraduate programs? Answer: English is the applicant’s first
language or, A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework or an IELTS (Academic)
overall score of 5.5 or, TOEFL score of at least 500 in Paper-Based Test; 173 in
Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or, CU-TEP Test equivalent score

31
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Where is Rangsit University located? Rangsit University is located in
Pathumthani, a neighbouring province directly north of Bangkok. Phatumthani is
situated in the Chao Phraya basin and contains many canals and agricultural
plantations where rice, vegetables and various fruits are grown. Its original
name was Mueang Sam Khok, and was senled by the Mon people migrating from
Mohtama (in Myanmar) over 350 years ago. There are many interesting places
located in the province such as the National Science Museum, numerous historical
temples, renowned markets such as Klong Sam Floating Market and Talad Thai, one
of the largest shopping malls in Thailand called Future Park Rangsit, the famous
Dream World Amusement Park, The Supreme Artist Hall and the National Archives in
Commemoration of H.M. the King’s Golden Jubilee. The province is also considered
to be an ‘Education and Technology Hub’ with a high concentration of higher
education institutions, many research agencies and institutes and a

30
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
RSU Qualifications 1. Complete Upper Secondary or its equivalent as recognised
by the Thai Ministry of Education or b. Obtain a High School Diploma or GED (US
System); or c. Complete A/AS levels (British System); or d. International
Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma 2. Pass IELTS Test with a score of 5.0, or TOEFL with
a score of 500, or pass RSU Oxford Placement Test (Free for students) Who is the
president of Rangsit University International College? Dr.Attawit Ourairat is
the president of Rangsit University International College. Can you tell me about
Rangsit University? Rangsit University, a Leading Private University in
Thailand.Rangsit University is a private institution of higher education with
the primary aim of creating graduates in the area of study meeting the
requirements of national development by focusing mainly on science , technology,
design and management including independent professions which are requisites in
development of one's own career.

36
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Assoc.Prof.Dr.Todsanai Chumwatana (Aj.Noey) is the head of the Information and
Communication Technology Programme Who is the head of the International Digital
Business Programm? Asst. Prof. Dr. Suttisak Jantavongso (Aj.Goke) is the head of
the International Digital Business Programme. Who is the head of General
Education (International)? Edward Devere Bacon (Aj.Eddie) is the head of General
Education (International). Who are the lecturers of general education?
Asst.Prof.Gessanee Maneerat (Aj.Gessy), Dr.Bruce Edward Weeks, Timothy Boundy
(Aj.Tim), Maksim Pisarev, Roongkan Nedtranon, (Aj.Bee), Irian Pievskaya. Who is
Dr.Anna Davtyan? Dr.Anna Davtyan is lecturer of International Digital Business.
Who is Srisongruk Prohmvitak, (Aj.Tap)? Srisongruk Prohmvitak, (Aj.Tap) is
lecturer of International Business Programme. Who are the lecturers of
Information and Communication Technology? The lecturers of Information and
Communication Technology are Dr.Prashaya

38
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
of 70 or other approved equivalents or, Pass the Rangsit University
International College (RIC) Placement Test. *An applicant who does not meet the
English language requirement will take the RIC English Foundation Programme
before they can start the degree program. There might be changes in requirement.
Please check https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/ Question: How to
apply to RIC programs?

39
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: Please follow instructions in this website
https://www.rsuip.org/admissions/how-to- apply/ Question: What are general
education (GE) courses? Answer: I. Humanities and Social Sciences (3 credits)
II. Sciences and Mathematics (9 credits) III. Languages (15 credits) IV.
Interdisciplinary and Physical Education (3 credits) Question: Who do we contact
for Academic Enquiry? Answer: Head of department of the corresponding
department, please check the related links of your program or check
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate International Business Website:
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/international-business/ Question:
What degree will you get from the International Business(IB) Program? Answer:
You will get Bachelor of Business Administration (International Business)
Question: What are course fees for the International Business Program? Answer:
Tuition fee per semester is 56,000 - 74,000 for international business program
and for

41
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
structure – this is the credits of international business GENERAL EDUCATION
COURSES (30 CREDITS), CORE COURSES (96 CREDITS) and Free elective (6 credits)
Question: Who is head of department in the International Business (IB) program?
Answer: Current head of department of international business is Ussanee
Malisuwan.email: ussaneem@yahoo.com For details about IB program, please check
this is the website of International business program
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/international-business/ Question:
What are core courses in the International Business(IB) program? Answer:
Professional Foundation Courses(36 credits), Major courses (60 credits) in which
we have required major courses(36 credits) and elective major courses(24
credits). We also have

42
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
free elective (6 credits). For more course details, please go to
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/international-business/ website-
course structure. Communication Arts Website:
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/communication-arts/ Question:
What degree will you get from the Communication Arts(Comm Arts) program? Answer:
you will get Bachelor of Communication Arts or B.Comm Arts (International
Program) Question: What are course fees for the Communication Arts (Comm Arts)
program? Answer: Tuition fee per semester for communication arts program is
56,000 - 74,000, and for more details go to
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/communication-arts/ Question: How
long is the Communication Arts program? Answer: you need to study 4 years to
complete communication arts program. Question: WHY STUDY IN COMMUNICATION ARTS
program? What is the purpose? Answer: The reasons and purpose that you should
study communication arts program at RIC

40
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
more details go to
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/international-business/ Question:
What is the purpose of the International Business(IB) program? Answer: The
International Business program equips students with a background in general
management and an understanding of business from the perspective of different
cultures and organizations. Question: How long is the International Business
program? Answer: You need to study 4 years for international business program.
Question: What are career opportunities after finishing the International
Business(IB) program? Answer: There continues to be a huge demand for graduates
in all areas of International Business and employment prospects are excellent in
the fields of government and privately- owned companies, international
organizations and entrepreneurship. Question: How many credits do we need for
the International Business Program? Answer: total Credit requirements - 132
credits for international business program with course

44
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
by the Thai Ministry of Education or High School Grade 12 (US System) or Passed
5 subjects of

45
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS Subjects with Grade C or above (British
System) or Completed International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Question: What is
COURSE DESCRIPTION/PURPOSE of Communication Arts(Comm Arts) program? Answer: The
Bachelor of Communication Arts is a program that studies the areas of
advertising, journalism and public relations, creating a new generation of
marketing communicators. The program examines the many different forms of
communication, including verbal, non-verbal and written, as well as the various
technologies through which information is transmitted. The program also
emphasizes applied skills relevant to work within the communication industries.
The Bachelor of Communication Arts gives students a flexible structure with a
broad range of disciplines to choose from, and is an appropriate preparation for
a wide range of career opportunities. Question: what are career opportunities
/EMPLOYMENT OUTCOMES?

46
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: Graduates of the program are able to work in advertising management,
public relations, media planning, news reporting and editing, commentating, TV
and radio. Question: Who is head of department for the Comm Arts program?
Answer: the head of department of communication arts program is Assist. Prof.
Dr. Duangthip Charoenruk.email: duangtipc@hotmail.com Question: What is the
credit requirement for Comm Arts? Answer: We need 126 credits to finish the Comm
Arts program. General Education (30 credits) , core courses (90 credits) and
free elective (6 credits). Question: What is the course structure for Comm Arts?
Answer: Please check
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/communication-arts/ TOURISM,
HOSPITALITY AND SPORTS Website:
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/its/ Question: What degree can I
get from the tourism, hospitality and sports program? Answer:you will get
Bachelor of Arts (Tourism, Hospitality and Sports)

47
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: How long is the tourism, hospitality and sports program? Answer: you
need to study 4 years for the tourism, hospitality and sports program Question:
How much is the course fee for the tourism, hospitality and sports program?
Answer: the program fees for the tourism, hospitality and sports program is
56,000 - 65,000 per semester. For more details, please visit
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/its/ Question: What is the course
description/purpose of the tourism, hospitality and sports program? Answer: The
objective of the program is to produce students with skills and education in the
operational management of hospitality and tourism organizations with a
particular focus on the management of food and beverages, front office systems
and tourism processes.

49
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Information and Communication Technology(ICT) Website:
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/ict/ Question: What degree will
you get from theInformation and Communication Technology program? Answer: Full
Title -Bachelor of Science (Information and Communication Technology)
Abbreviated Title- B.Sc. ICT (Information and Communication Technology)
Question: Why do you study in theInformation and Communication Technology(ICT)
program? Answer: why you should study ict program at RIC • 1. World class
teaching staff with an innovative learning environment. • 2. Sound digital
transformation coping with dynamic society. • (Internet of Things, Big Data,
Artificial Intelligence, etc.) • 3. Start-up initiatives and hand-on experience
in laying groundwork for the coming future. • 4. Exclusive business
collaborations with top leading IT companies (Microsoft, Google, Apple, Oracle,
Cisco, Western Digital and etc.)

43
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
• Holistic knowledge of communication • Modern and uniquely designed program to
enhance career opportunities • World-leading academics and highly experienced
lecturers • Multidisciplinary education • Third language proficiency • Local
and/or abroad internship program • International experience • Outstanding mix of
friends from all over the world Question: What are CAREER OPPORTUNITIES in the
Communication Arts program? Answer: There continues to be a huge demand for
graduate in all areas of Comm Arts, and employment prospects are excellent,
which include: • Account Executive • Public Relations Practitioner • Copywriter
• Columnist • News Editor • Event Organizer • Content Creator • Marketing
Communications • Writer • Creative • Columnist • Blogger Question: What are
ACADEMIC ENTRY REQUIREMENTS for Comm Arts? Answer: Completed Upper Secondary
School (M.6 Certificate) or its equivalent as recognized

48
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: What are career opportunities/ employment outcomes of the tourism,
hospitality and sports program? Answer: Graduates of the program are highly
employable across a range of organizations, not only within hospitality and
tourism. Excellent career opportunities exist in operational management roles,
hotel management, tourism & hospitality, international resorts and tourism
consultancy. Question: Who is department head of the tourism, hospitality and
sports program? Answer: the head of department of the tourism, hospitality and
sports program is A.Nicha Chavalit, email: nicha.c@rsu.ac.th Question: How many
credits do we need to finish the tourism, hospitality and sports program?
Answer: We need 136 credits to finish. Question: What is the course structure
for the tourism, hospitality and sports program? Answer: General Education(GE) -
30 credits, Core Courses - 97 credits, Free Elective - 9 credits. For more
details - https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/its/

50
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
• 5. Active international internships and worldwide student exchange programs
(Finland, Sweden, China, Australia, Singapore, Japan, Indonesia and etc.) • 6.
3+1 Program with • > Murdoch University (Computer Science) • > University of
Canberra (International Business) • > Yunnan University of Finance and Economics
(Business Administration) • 7. Free transfer up to 90/126 credits for FREE • >
HND/HNC and • > Diploma from related field Question: How many years to finish
the ICT program? Answer: you need to study 4 years for ICT Program

52
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: the head of department of ICT Program is Assoc. Prof. Dr. Todsanai
Chumwatana, email: todsanai.c@rsu.ac.th Line ID : todsanai Question: Who is ICT
department secretary? Answer: the secretary of ICT program is Miss Kanokphan
Sangngam P'Aor (Secretary), email: kanokphan.s@rsu.ac.th Question: How many
credits do we need to finish Information and Communication Technology program?
Answer: ICT Program need to study for 120 credits Question: What is the course
structure for the ICT program? Answer: General Education - 30 credits,
specialized core courses- 84 credits, free elective - 6 credits. For more
details, please check https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/ict/
International Relations and Development(IRD) Website:
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/ird/ Question: What degree will
you get from the International Relations and Development program? Answer:
Bachelor of Arts (International Relations and Development) Question: How long is
the IRD program?

53
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: you need to study 4 years (Regular), 4.5 years (Double Degree: IRD +
Institute of Political Science, or IRD + Institute of Economics) for
International Relations and Development(IRD) program. Question: How much is the
course fee for the IRD program? Answer: International Relations and
Development(IRD) program fees is from 56,000 - 74,000 per semester. For more
details please check https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/ird/
Question: What is the course description/purpose of the IRD program?

54
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: The International Relations and Development (IRD) program studies the
interconnected concepts of social, political, economic, cultural and
environmental systems, and a global perspective in the analysis of growth and
development. Question: What are career opportunities/ employment outcomes of the
IRD program? Answer: Graduates of the program can work in international
organizations, multinational firms, as well as in government and
non-governmental organizations. Question: Who is the head of the department of
the IRD program? Answer:the head of department of International Relations and
Development(IRD) program Is Dr. Sasiphattra Siriwato, email:
sasiphattra.s@rsu.ac.th Line: https://line.me/R/ti/g/4URalwwZ48 Civil
Engineering Website:
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/civil-engineering/ Question: What
degree will we get from civil engineering program? Answer: Bachelor of
Engineering(Civil Engineering)

55
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: How long do we need to finish the civil engineering program? Answer:
you need to study 4 years for civil engineering program. Question: How much is
the course fee for the civil engineering program? Answer:The program fees for
civil engineering program is from 68,000 - 81,000 Bahts per semester For more
details please check https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/civil-
engineering/ Question: What is the course description/ purpose of the civil
engineering program? Answer: The Bachelor of Engineering (Civil Engineering) is
a program that has been approved and accredited by the Council of Engineers of
Thailand (COE). The curriculum aims to produce graduates who are capable of
working in the areas of surveying, design, construction management and
infrastructure planning. It also covers areas like structural engineering, soil
and foundation engineering, water resource engineering, and construction
management

56
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
engineering with sufficient background for graduates to carry on further
research and higher studies. Question: What are the employment outcomes/ career
opportunities after finishing civil engineering program? Answer: After
completion of the program, graduates typically take the Professional Licensing
Examination to become professional engineers. Excellent career prospects include
design, project management, and research and development engineers in both the
private and public sectors. Civil engineers are the dominant drivers in the
development of infrastructure, and resource and environmental management of the
country and its surrounding region. Question: Who is department head of civil
engineering? Answer:the head of department of civil engineering program is
A.Supattana Nirukkanaporn , email : wisit@rsu.ac.th

57
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: How many credits do we need to finish the civil engineering program?
Answer: there are 150 credits in civil engineering program they are Course
structure ⇒ general education(GE) - 30 credits, Core courses(Area courses) - 114
credits, free elective - 6 credits. For more details please visit
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/civil-engineering/ DIGITAL
INNOVATION Website for digital innovation is
https://www.rsuip.org/https/wwwrsuiporg/programmes/undergraduate/digital-innovation/
Question: what degree will you get from Digital innovation? Answer: Bachelor of
Science (Digital Innovation) DISTINCTIVE FEATURES OF DIGITAL INNOVATION PROGRAM,
the good point of DIGITAL INNOVATION and why should you study digital innovation
program at RIC is Tailored Curriculum: This program is designed around
Artificial Intelligence (AI), addressing the current industry’s pressing demands
and future trends.Practical Emphasis: Theoretical

58
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
knowledge is complemented by hands-on experiences, enabling students to
familiarize themselves with real-world AI tools and challenges.Diverse Skill
Acquisition: Beyond AI, students gain proficiency in Cyber Security, Internet of
things (IoT), Fullstack Development, and UX/UI Design, ensuring a well-rounded
digital education.Efficient Duration: The three-year structure ensures a
comprehensive education in a condensed timeframe, allowing graduates to embark
on their careers sooner. Question: How many years do I need to study for digital
innovation? Answer: You need to study 2.5 years for digital innovation program.
Question: How many semesters does Rangsit University open? Answer: Rangsit
university opens June, August and January Semesters Question: How many semesters
does Rangsit International College open? Answer: Rangsit International College
opens June, August and January Semesters English requirements for digital
innovation program?

59
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
To study Digital innovation program you need to have IELTS 5.5 or equivalent or
passed the Rangsit University English Language Proficiency Test for English
requirement. How much for Digital Innovation Program? Digital Innovation program
fees is 574,600 Baht. Course description for digital innovation program is
Rangsit University’s Digital Innovation Bachelor Program offers a comprehensive
three-year journey into the world of digital technology, with a special emphasis
on Artificial Intelligence (AI). Beginning with foundational concepts of AI and
programming, the curriculum progresses to advanced data analytics and AI tool
applications, culminating in real-world digital industry applications.
Additionally, the program integrates essential modules on Cyber Security,
Internet of things (IoT), Fullstack Development, and UX/UI Design.

60
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
POTENTIAL CAREER PATHS FOR GRADUATES from digital innovation program: AI
Specialist: Graduates can venture into roles centered on AI development,
research, or consultancy across various sectors.Data Analyst: Armed with data
analytics skills, graduates can interpret and predict trends, providing valuable
insights for businesses.Cyber Security Expert: In an era of increasing digital
threats, there’s a significant demand for professionals adept in safeguarding
digital infrastructures.IoT Developer/Engineer: With the interconnected nature
of modern devices, graduates can design, develop, and implement smart solutions
in the rapidly growing field of the Internet of Things.Fullstack Developer:
Graduates can design, develop, and maintain holistic web solutions, catering to
both front-end and back-end requirements.UX/UI Designer: With a focus on
user-centric design, graduates can shape digital interfaces that offer

61
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
intuitive user experiences.Digital Consultant: Leveraging their comprehensive
digital knowledge, graduates can advise businesses on optimizing their digital
strategies and operations. The head of department of Digital innovation program
is Name Asst. Prof. Dr. Karn Yongsiriwit. The email address of Asst. Prof. Dr.
Karn Yongsiriwit is karn.y@rsu.ac.th. COMPUTER SCIENCE If you study computer
science program at RIC you will get Bachelor of Science (Computer Science). Why
you should study computer science program at RIC Cutting-Edge Curriculum: A
program that stays up-to-date with the latest trends and technologies in
computer science, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, blockchain,
image processing, and computer vision. Offers elective courses or
specializations in emerging fields to prepare students for the future.
State-of-the-Art Facilities: Access to cutting-edge computer labs, software, and
hardware to facilitate hands-on learning and research. Practical

62
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Experience: Hands-on experience is essential in this program. Students often
complete coding projects, internships, or co-op placements to apply their
knowledge in real-world scenarios. Culminates in a capstone or senior project
where students apply their skills to solve real-world problems, often in
collaboration with industry partners. How long you need to study for computer
science program? You need to study 3 years for computer science program at RIC.
In rangsit international college and rangsit university you can apply and study
three semesters. June, August and January Semesters To study computer science at
RIC you need to have English requirement IELTS 5.5 or equivalent or passed the
Rangsit University English Language Proficiency Test The course fees for
computer science program is 545,700 Baht The course description of computer
science is The Computer Science program at Rangsit University is designed to
equip students with the knowledge and skills needed to thrive in the

63
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
rapidly evolving field of digital technology. It combines theoretical
foundations with practical applications, preparing graduates for careers in a
wide range of industries, from software development and data science to big data
analytics and artificial intelligence. Furthermore, programs offer
specializations that allow students to delve deeper into specific areas of
computer science, such as: machine learning, data mining, web and mobile app
development, and Internet of Things (IOT). POTENTIAL CAREER PATHS FOR GRADUATES
for Computer Science Program: Software Developer/Engineer: • Design, develop,
and test software applications and systems. • Specialize in areas like web
development, mobile app development, or game development. Data
Scientist/Analyst: • Analyze large datasets to extract meaningful insights and
inform business decisions. • Build predictive models and machine learning
algorithms. Database Administrator (DBA):

64
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
• Design, implement, and manage databases to store and retrieve data
efficiently. • Ensure data integrity and security. Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Engineer/Researcher: • Develop AI algorithms, neural networks, and machine
learning models. • Apply AI techniques to solve complex problems in various
domains. DevOps Engineer: • Streamline the software development and deployment
process through automation and collaboration between development and IT
operations teams. • Use tools like Docker, Kubernetes, and Jenkins. IT Project
Manager: • Lead and coordinate technology projects, ensuring they are completed
on time and within budget. • Oversee teams of developers and engineers.
Front-End or Back-End Web Developer: • Front-End Developers work on creating the
user interface and user experience of websites and web applications. • Back-End
Developers work on server-side logic and database interactions. A Computer
Science program at Rangsit University provides students with a versatile skill
set

65
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
and opens doors to a wide range of exciting career opportunities in our
increasingly digital world. The program’s blend of theory, practical experience,
and adaptability makes it a valuable choice for those interested in technology
and innovation. BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING Bachelor degree for Biomedical
engineering program is Bachelor of Engineering (Biomedical Engineering).
Biomedical engineering program needs to study 4 years. Biomedical engineering
program can study these three June, August and January Semesters but note that
Students who enrolls in January semester will take time of studying for 4.5
years due to the program schedule The program fees for Biomedical engineering
program is 36,000 - 86,000 baht per semester and for the whole program is
640,000 baht.

66
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
The course description for biomedical engineering program is Biomedical
Engineering is a multi-disciplinary program integrating engineering activities
with basic medical knowledge of human physiology and an understanding of how it
functions to assist healthcare providers in supplying better care and treatment
to patients through the use of technology. During the 21st century, various
advances in the field of medicine have been made, such as diagnostics devices,
therapeutic devices, medical robotic, medical imaging, rehabilitation
engineering, life support systems, biomaterials and tissue engineering. Advances
in technology for the need to find cure, promote well-being and build healthy
communities make Biomedical Engineers one of the most in-demand positions for
the healthcare industries, which is one of the world’s largest industrial
sectors with a turnover approaching more than 20 billion USD per annum and an
expanding rate

67
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
of 9% per annum. To keep updated in healthcare services and solutions, advanced
techniques like AI, machine learning and Big Data are integrated into this
program. Students are also encouraged to join overseas exchange programs,
cooperative education and pursue the 4+1 track of the master degree program.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES OF GRADUATES of Biomedical Engineering
program is 1. Have the basic skills in research and development for inventing
new innovated devices and also become a business owner in the biomedical
engineering industry. 2. Understand the principles of biomedical engineering in
research and development, in production and quality control at government or
private companies engaged in the manufacturing of medical devices.

69
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
4. Specialists in research and development, in production or quality control
department of government agencies or private companies engaged in the
manufacture of medical devices 5. Sales executive in businesses engaged in
medical devices 6. Set-up own business in the sale, service or consultation in
the fields of medical equipment and biomedical engineering 7. Pursue higher
education in Biomedical Engineering and related fields FIELDS OF RESEARCH AND
INNOVATION IN BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING:

51
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: How much is the course fee for the ICT program? Answer:the ICT program
fees can cost from 56,000 - 65,000 per semester. For more details, please visit
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/ict/ Question: What is COURSE
DESCRIPTION/PURPOSE for ICT program? Answer: The Information and Communication
Technology (ICT) program challenges the minds of students by teaching them how
to find, process, assimilate and use the vast amounts of information that exists
in today’s globalized world. Question: What are career opportunities /
employment outcomes after finishing the ICT program? Answer: There continues to
be a huge demand for graduates in all areas of ICT and employment prospects
commonly include virtual reality and game development, computer graphics
programming, web development and programming, system analysis and engineering,
network administration, and robotics engineering. Question: Who is ICT
department head?

70
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
1. Biomedical Instrumentation 2. Medical Signal and Image Processing 3.
Artificial Intelligence and Medical Robotics 4. Clinical Engineering 5.
Biophysics and Medical Optics 6. Medical Material and Tissue Engineering 7.
Smart Innovation and Rehabilitation for the Elderly 8. Information System for
Medical Management 9. Metaverse in Healthcare and Medical Applications COURSE
DESCRIPTION/PURPOSE and why you should study biomedical engineering program at
RIC To produce Bachelor of Engineering in Biomedical Engineering with the
following virtues and knowledge. 1. Have basic skills in research and
development in the field of biomedical engineering for inventing new things as
well as being a business owner in biomedical engineering. 2. Understand the
principles of biomedical engineering in the field of research and development,
production or quality control of government organizations or private companies
engaged in the manufacture of medical devices.

71
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
3. Maintenance, repair, modification, and application of medical devices,
hospital engineering including medical technology assessment. 4. Management of
procurement, using, distribution and consultancy in biomedical engineering
works. 5. Postgraduate studies in biomedical engineering or related fields. 6.
Having good ethics and ethics, competency in both national and international
competitions and professional readiness. EMPLOYMENT OUTCOMES of biomedical
engineering program is 1. A biomedical engineer or clinical engineer in
biomedical engineering unit, both public and private sectors. 2. Service
Engineer for medical device Service companies. 3. Product Specialist or Product
Applicationist in businesses involved in medical devices, both public and
private sectors. 4. Biomedical Engineers or Research and Development or
Production or Quality Control Departments of government agencies or private
companies engaged in the manufacture of medical devices.

72
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
medical devices. 5. Medical Device Sales Representative for Private Medical
Device Business. 6. Carry out personal business in the sale, service or
consultation in the field of medical equipment or biomedical engineering. 7.
Higher education in Biomedical Engineering or related fields. The head of
department of Biomedical engineering program is Assist.Prof.Dr.Sani Boonyagul
and the email address is sani@rsu.ac.th The coordinator of Biomedical
engineering program is Khun Pakit (Therng) and the email address is
pakit.p@rsu.ac.th

68
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
3. Maintenance, repair, modification, and application of medical devices, and
hospital engineering including assessments of medical technology. 4. Management
of procurement, use, and distribution of consultancy projects in biomedical
engineering works. 5. Pursue postgraduate studies in biomedical engineering and
related fields 6. Having good ethics and morals, possessing academic competency
in both national and international competitions and professional readiness
POTENTIAL CAREER PATHS FOR GRADUATES of biomedical engineering program is Upon
completion, graduates will be able to invent new biomedical instruments and
select new technologies that are necessary and suitable in servicing,
maintenance and application of medical devices. Potential career paths include
1. Biomedical engineer or clinical engineer in both public and private sector 2.
Service engineer for medical devices 3. Product specialist for businesses
involved in medical devices, both public and private sector

74
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
and accredited by the Council of Engineers of Thailand (COE). The curriculum
aims to produce graduates who are capable of working in the areas of surveying,
design, construction management and infrastructure planning. It also covers
areas like structural engineering, soil and foundation engineering, water
resource engineering, and construction management engineering with sufficient
background for graduates to carry on further research and higher studies.
Question: What are the employment outcomes/ career opportunities after finishing
civil engineering program? Answer: After completion of the program, graduates
typically take the Professional Licensing Examination to become professional
engineers. Excellent career prospects include design, project management, and
research and development engineers in both the private and public sectors. Civil
engineers are the dominant drivers in the development of infrastructure, and

76
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: What degree can we get from the Design program? Answer: Bachelor of
Fine Arts in Design (College of Design) Question: How long does it take to
finish the Design program? Answer: you need to study 4 years for Design program.
Question: How much is the course fee for the Design program? Answer: 40,000 -
70,000 per semester. For more details please go to the website.
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/design/ Question: What is the
course description/purpose of the Design program? Answer: Design department
course focuses on students to be different both in terms of ideas and designs.
Through the design thinking process based on rationality. In which students can
choose to combine courses selected from Interior Design, Fashion Design
Communication Arts And Photographic department to suit your aptitudes to develop
a new type of designers and entrepreneurs, who dare to think and not cling to
traditional designs and can apply what they have learned in real work
environments.

77
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Question: Who is department head of the Design program? Answer: I do not have
data about it. Please contact RIC International program office at Building 11
2nd floor. Question: What are career opportunities/ employment outcomes for the
Design program? Answer: Designers, Product Designers, entrepreneur and related
Design career. Question: What are the international and professional experiences
for the Design program? Answer: Student exchange, internship abroad, study tour
and field trips, cooperative studies, professional training and workshops under
collaborations with RSU’s partners universities, professional associations and
industries. Question: What will students learn from the Design program? Answer:
Students will Practice the Design thinking Process, an essential skill for every
profession. From design subjects in each term, learn to combine design with
other sciences to create different ideas or ways of thinking. From subjects that
emphasize on hands-on, laying the

75
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
resource and environmental management of the country and its surrounding region.
Question: Who is department head of civil engineering? Answer: The head of civil
engineering program is A.Supattana Nirukkanaporn , email : wisit@rsu.ac.th
Question: How many credits do we need to finish the civil engineering program?
Answer: 150 credits. Course structure ⇒ general education(GE) - 30 credits, Core
courses(Area courses) - 114 credits, free elective - 6 credits. For more details
please visit https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/civil-engineering/
Design Program The Website for design program is
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/design/

79
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Fashion Design Program Website for fashion design program is Website:
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/fashion-design/ Question: What
degree will we get from the Fashion Design program? Answer: Bachelor of Fine
Arts Question: How long do we need to finish the Fashion Design program? Answer:
You need to study 4 years for Fashion Design Program. Question: How much is the
course fee for the Fashion Design program? Answer: 40,000 - 70,000 Bahts per
semester For more details please check
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/fashion-design/ Question: What is
the course description/ purpose of the Fashion Design program? Answer:
Department of fashion design aims at shaping a fashion designer to become a
leader in creativity, with deep understanding of contemporary design, fully
equipped with the skills required to craft intricate details. They explore
innovative designs through design research and

80
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
experimenting on new materials and techniques, both by hand and machine. The
study also covers essential aspects of fashion ranging from high fashion,
ready-to-wear, fashion trends to fashion business. Question: What are the
employment outcomes/ career opportunities after finishing the Fashion Design
program? Answer: Fashion designer, Fashion Stylist, Textile designer Retail
buyer, Clothing/textile technologist, Fashion marketing or PR specialist,
Fashion journalist or blogger, Fashion product manager, Fashion trend Analyst,
Magazine journalist, Personal stylist shopper, Fashion show organizer, Fashion
studio owner, Pattern maker, Accessories Designer, Costume Designer, Make-up
artist, Retail manager / Retail buyer / Retail merchandiser, Retail
merchandiser, Textile buyer, Visual merchandiser, Online merchandiser, Event
manager, Jewelry designer, Public relations officer Question: Who is department
head of the Fashion Design program?

81
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: the head of fashion design program is Aj. Laddawan Sarapat , email :
laddawan.s@rsu.ac.th Question: Program coordinator for the Fashion Design
program? Answer: Program coordinator for the Fashion Design program is Khun
Namkhang email: Thanyasorn.m@rsu.ac.th Question: For other details about Fashion
Design program Answer: Search on the website
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/fashion- design/ or contact
department head or ask RIC International Office.

82
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Interior Design Program The Website for interior Design program is
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/interior-design/ Question: What
degree will we get from the Interior Design program? Answer: Bachelor of Fine
Arts Question: How long do we need to finish the Interior Design program?
Answer: You need to study 4 years for Interior Design program Question: How much
is the course fee for the Interior Design program? Answer: Total course fee
estimated 568,200 Bahts. For more details please check
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/interior-design/ Question: What
is the course description/ purpose of the Interior Design program? Answer:
Department of interior design is committed to cultivating creativity among the
learners to be the driving force behind the learning and the design process as
well as the operation and practice at the individual level and as part of the
team. Department of interior design develops

83
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
the up to date curriculum to facilitate the grooming of analytical thinking,
problem solving skill and creative solutions that respond to the users and the
usage of space. It also takes into consideration the role of designers in
contemporary society that requires the development of knowledge for sustainable
design and environmental considerations, alongside the design process. Question:
What are the employment outcomes/ career opportunities after finishing the
Interior Design program? Answer: Interior designer,Interior design consultant,
Design researcher, Furniture designer, Interior product designer, Lighting
designer, Event and exhibition designer, Prop designer, Set designer, Interior
design stylist, Interior visualizer, Material supervisor, Project manager,
Construction manager, Site supervisor, Interior contractor, Window display
designer, Interior studio owner Question: Who is department head of the Interior
Design program?

84
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: department head of the Interior Design program is Mr. Waris Sinsuebpol ,
email : waris.s@rsu.ac.th Question: Who is program coordinator for the Interior
Design program? Answer: program coordinator for the Interior Design program is
Ms. Thanyasorn Meesomsak email: thanyasorn.m@rsu.ac.th Question: For other
details about Interior Design program Answer: Search on the website
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/interior- design/ or contact
department head or ask RIC International Office. Biomedical Science Program. The
Website for Biomedical Science Program is

85
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/biomedical-science/ Question:
What degree will we get from the Biomedical Science program? Answer: Bachelor of
Science (Biomedical Science); B.Sc. (Biomedical Science) Question: How long do
we need to finish the Biomedical Science program? Answer: You need to study 4
years for the Biomedical Science program Question: How much is the course fee
for the Biomedical Science program? Answer: 36,000 - 86,000 bahts for each
semester. For more details please check
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/biomedical-science/ Question:
What is the course description/ purpose of the Biomedical Science program?
Answer: Biomedical sciences provide an understanding of human body and the way
it works. These involve areas such as Anatomy, Biochemistry, Ergonomics,
Microbiology, Pathology, Pharmacology and Physiology. All students will be
trained not only in biomedical research skill

86
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
but also basic and advanced knowledge in the biomedical field. Graduates are
prepared for pursue professions allied with biomedical research. The curriculum
aims to produce flexible and well informed graduates with specific training in a
wide range of biomedical applications of the basic sciences. The course will
provide strategic training in the fundamentals of biomedical science and a
unique blend of genome science, biotechnology and bioinformatics. Question: What
are the employment outcomes/ career opportunities after finishing the Biomedical
Science program? Answer: Completion of the course will provide the graduate with
the skills to enter a vast range of health-related industries including: Medical
Research; Physiotherapy; Microbiology; Health Informatics; Occupational Health
and Safety; Pharmaceutical Industry; Laboratory Technology. Question: Who is
department head of the Biomedical Science program?

87
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Answer: department head of the Biomedical Science program is Mr. Waris
Sinsuebpol , email : waris.s@rsu.ac.th Question: Who is program coordinator for
the Biomedical Science program? Answer: program coordinator for the Biomedical
Science program is Ms. Thanyasorn Meesomsak email: thanyasorn.m@rsu.ac.th
Question: How many credits do we need to finish the Biomedical Science program?
Answer: 130 credits with course structure - General Education 30 credits, Area
courses - 94 credits, Free elective - 6 credits. In area courses, we need basic
science courses - 17 credits, major courses - 77 credits. For more course
structure details please go to the website.
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/biomedical-science/ Who is the
president of Rangsit University International College? Dr.Attawit Ourairat is
the president of Rangsit University International College.

88
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Can you tell me about Rangsit University? Rangsit University, a Leading Private
University in Thailand.Rangsit University is a private institution of higher
education with the primary aim of creating graduates in the area of study
meeting the requirements of national development by focusing mainly on science ,
technology, design and management including independent professions which are
requisites in development of one's own career. Where is Rangsit University
located? Rangsit University is located in Pathumthani, a neighbouring province
directly north of Bangkok. Phatumthani is situated in the Chao Phraya basin and
contains many canals and agricultural plantations where rice, vegetables and
various fruits are grown. Its original name was Mueang Sam Khok, and was senled
by the Mon people migrating from Mohtama (in Myanmar) over 350 years ago. There
are many interesting places located in the province such as the National Science
Museum,

89
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
numerous historical temples, renowned markets such as Klong Sam Floating Market
and Talad Thai, one of the largest shopping malls in Thailand called Future Park
Rangsit, the famous Dream World Amusement Park, The Supreme Artist Hall and the
National Archives in Commemoration of H.M. the King’s Golden Jubilee. The
province is also considered to be an ‘Education and Technology Hub’ with a high
concentration of higher education institutions, many research agencies and
institutes and a number of industrial parks. Pathumthani is also very accessible
to Bangkok via car, bus, train and taxi. How to get to Rangsit University from
Suvarnabhumi Airport? You can get to Rangsit University from Suvarnabhumi
Airport by Line 554 Public Van, Taxi and BTS Train. How to get to Rangsit
University from Don Muang Airport? You can get to Rangsit University from Don
Muang Airport by Taxi, Train and Pick-up Truck(Songthaew) . Why do I have to
choose RSU among other universities?

91
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
What are the missions of RIC? Why do I have to choose RIC among other
universities? RIC’s mission is to provide accessible, personalized, high quality
educational opportunities for local and international students to ensure that
they develop the necessary academic skills and excel in their future careers and
studies. Within a supportive community that encourages students to seek learning
with eagerness, to respect diversity in viewpoints, to participate in variety of
activities both inside and outside of the classroom, RIC guides students to the
means of transforming themselves into confident, capable, and committed leaders
in their fields. In the culturally diverse learning environment at RIC, which
emphasizes student engagement in community, cultural, and civic concerns, each
student will have the opportunity to prepare themselves for lifelong success in
the 21st century’s global society. Who is the Dean of Rangsit International
College?

78
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
foundation of ideas and knowledge to be ready for the future and able to apply
in real work environments and focus on being an entrepreneur. Question: IF
STUDENT WANTS TO COME, WHAT THEY SHOULD BE PREPARE? Answer: Reasonable thinking
and searching person. (need more, you can thinking about it) Question: For other
questions about Design program Answer: Search in the website
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/design/

92
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Asst.Prof.Dr. Kritsada Sriphaew (Aj.Kong) is the Dean of Rangsit International
College. Who is the Associate Dean for student affairs of Rangsit International
College? Prinda Setabundhu (Aj.Pap) is the Associate Dean of Rangsit
International College. Who is the Associate Dean for academic affairs of Rangsit
International College? Amporn Puapradit is the Associate Dean for Academic
Affairs of Rangsit International College. Who is the Associate Dean for
administration affairs of Rangsit International College? Malisuwan (Aj.Koy) is
the Associate Dean for Administration affairs of Rangsit International College.
Who is the head of the International Business Programme? Ussanee Malisuwan
(Aj.Koy) is the head of the International Business Programme. Who is the head of
the Information and Communication Technology Programme? Assoc.Prof.Dr.Todsanai
Chumwatana (Aj.Noey) is the head of the Information and Communication Technology
Programme

93
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Who is the head of the International Digital Business Programme? Asst. Prof. Dr.
Suttisak Jantavongso (Aj.Goke) is the head of the International Digital Business
Programme. Who is the head of General Education (International)? Edward Devere
Bacon (Aj.Eddie) is the head of General Education (International). Who are the
lecturers of general education? Asst.Prof.Gessanee Maneerat (Aj.Gessy), Dr.Bruce
Edward Weeks, Timothy Boundy (Aj.Tim), Maksim Pisarev, Roongkan Nedtranon,
(Aj.Bee), Irian Pievskaya. Who is Dr.Anna Davtyan?

94
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Dr.Anna Davtyan is lecturer of International Digital Business. Who is Srisongruk
Prohmvitak, (Aj.Tap)? Srisongruk Prohmvitak, (Aj.Tap) is lecturer of
International Business Programme. Who are the lecturers of Information and
Communication Technology? The lecturers of Information and Communication
Technology are Dr.Prashaya Fusiripong(Aj.Nueng), Billel Arbaoui (Aj.Bill),
Dr.Herison Surbakti . The address of Rangsit University RSU is 52/347 Muang-Ake
Phaholyothin Road Lak-Hok Muang Pathumthani 12000 , Thailand phone number of
Rangsit International College RIC and RSU + 66 (0)2 997-2200 ext 4012, 4019
_____________ List undergraduate programs INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMMES for
Undergraduate There are 13 undergraduate programs for Rangsit International
College 1. International Business Program 2. Communication Arts Program 3.
Tourism, Hospitality and Sports Program 4. Information & Communication
Technology Program 5. International Relations and Development Program

95
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
6. Civil Engineering Program 7. Design Program 8. Fashion Design Program 9.
Interior Design Program 10. Biomedical Science Program 11. Biomedical
Engineering Program 12. Computer Science Program 13. Digital Innovation Program
PostGraduate Programs at Rangsit International College RIC There are 10
postgraduate programs at RIC 1. Diplomacy and International Studies Program 2.
International Digital Business Program 3. Curriculum and Instruction Program 4.
Bilingual Education Program 5. Design Program 6. Logistics Program 7.
Communication Arts Program 8. Communication Arts in Film and Series Writing and
Directing Program 9. Electrical and Computer Engineering Program 10. Cyber
Security Management and Technology Program Bilingual Education Program
(Postgraduate)

90
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Rangsit University, is a leading private university in Thailand accredited by
the Thai Government. Renowned for academic excellence and international teaching
standards, RSU consistently achieves the highest rating in quality assurance
audits by the Ministry of Education and the Thai Office for National Education
Standards and Quality Assessment. Established in 1986, RSU enrolls over 28,000
students in 134 degree programs, including 87 undergraduate, 36 master's, and 11
doctoral degrees. The main campus, situated on a 296 rai site in Pathumthani
Province, offers an ideal study environment just 30 minutes from downtown
Bangkok. Surrounded by golf courses, lakes, sporting facilities, restaurants,
and shopping options, the campus provides a comprehensive experience. RSU, known
for its accessible accommodation, is well-connected by public transport for
students desiring proximity to Bangkok.

97
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
designed to fill this need. The program thats designed at RSU will provide
professional education in international studies covering the entire spectrum of
international relations. Hence, this will be an intensive training course that
will focus on practical skills (e.g. negotiation techniques, diplomatic
practices, media skills, rhetoric, and languages). After completion of the
M.Ed.(Bilingual Education), students will be able to work and travel all over
the world. RSU aims to produce professionals for positions of leadership and
influence in foreign affairs in the international business aspect of life.
Teacher Teacher Educator Administrators Tutor Educator Postgraduate of
International Digital Business (MIDB) program You will get Master of Science
Programme in International Digital Business (International Programme), M.Sc.
(International Digital Business) For Postgraduate of International Digital
Business program you need to study 1 year.

96
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
After you finish study of Bilingual Education Program (Postgraduate) you will
get Master of Education. You need to study 2 years . There are two intakesAugust
(1st Semester), January (2nd Semester). The program fees for Bilingual Education
Program (Postgraduate) is 320,400 Baht (2 years degree). For English
Requirements IELTS 5.0 or equivalent or passed the Rangsit University English
Language Proficiency Test The course description, purpose and why you should
study Bilingual Education Program (Postgraduate) is The world today is
characterised by rapid change and growing interdependence among nations in all
areas of human endeavours. Hence, nations need professionals in foreign affairs
who can serve in governments, international organisations, non-government
organisations, and international business. In Southeast Asia, there is no
specialised institution which caters to this specific need. The Institute of
Diplomacy and International Studies (IDIS) is

73
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
The website for Biomedical Engineering program is
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/bio-eng/ Civil Engineering
Program Website of civil engineering program is
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/civil- engineering/ Question:
What degree will we get from civil engineering? Answer: Bachelor of
Engineering(Civil Engineering) Question: How long do we need to finish the civil
engineering program? Answer: You need to study 4 years for civil engineering
program. Question: How much is the course fee for the civil engineering program?
Answer: 68,000 - 81,000 Bahts per semester For more details please check
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/undergraduate/civil-engineering/ Question: What
is the course description/ purpose of the civil engineering program and why
should you study civil engineering at Rangsit International College? Answer: The
Bachelor of Engineering (Civil Engineering) is a program that has been approved

100
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
• 2 Recommendation Letters • 4 photos (1”x1.5”) (possible to take photos at RSU)
The contact information about International digital business (MIDB) Program is
email is midb.rsu.ac.th lineID @midb telephone is (+66)626514232 for more
information
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/postgraduate/international-digital-business/
The head of department of International digital business (MIDB) Program is
Suttisak Jantavongso To know more about postgraduate Curriculum and Instruction
Program, Please contact RIC Building 11 2 nd Floor. To know more about
postgraduate Bilingual Education Program, Please contact RIC Building 11 2 nd
Floor.

99
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Program Information about Postgraduate of International Digital Business (MIDB)
program 1 Year (Full-Time) Study time; weekdays and weekend Study* short
programme with partner universities with certification Multi-discipline of
Business, Innovation and Digital Technology Company Visit every Semester 100%
English Programme Outing Trip to Explore Thailand Advantage of working with
leading companies Practical knowledge from industry’s experts Research
publication benefits for further studies Multi-cultural environment * require
small fees DOCUMENTS FOR ONLINE APPLICATION at International digital business
(MIDB) Program. Scanned files of the followings • Passport or Thai Citizen ID •
Official Transcript • Official Bachelor’s Degree Certificate • English
Proficiency Result (if any) and submit below DOCUMENTS FOR REGISTRATION MIDB
Program AT RSU Original docs of the followings • Passport | Thai Citizen ID •
Official Transcript • Official Bachelor’s Degree Certificate

102
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
addition to creating desirable products, designers worldwide are increasingly
being called upon to solve complex problems facing our society. With Thailand
becoming part of the AEC, the challenges are even more complex. The Master of
Fine Art program in Design aims to step up to these challenges by training
students from diverse backgrounds in “design thinking”, which is a way of
framing and understanding the given situation and invent new possibilities and
solutions for the future. Students get trained in a unique multidisciplinary
hands-on approach to help them hone their creativity, learn & practice the
skills that help them succeed in many roles in a range of diverse fields
including product and communication design, design research, design & business
strategy. Master of Fine Art & Design intoduces you to many opportunuties in for
the field of design which include; Design Entrepreneur Interior Designer Graphic
Designer Product Designer Furniture Designer.

101
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Postgraduate Master of Design you will get this degree for Postgraduate Master
of Design is Master of Fine Arts (Design). To study Postgraduate Master of
Design you need to study 2 years. There are 3 semesters open for these Master of
Design are June (Summer), August (1st Semester), January (2nd Semester). How
much do you need to pay and cost for Master of Design program? You can cost
210,000 Thai Baht for two years. ( Approximately USD 5,900 ) for Master of
Design Program. English requirements for master of design program is IELTS 5.0
or equivalent or CUTEP 40. COURSE DESCRIPTION/PURPOSE and why you should study
Master of Design is The practice of design has evolved considerably over the
last two decades. It was predominantly a craft-based, cultural- product centric
profession, focussed on creating beautiful products. Today, the global landscape
of design, business and technology has changed considerably, in

104
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
LOGISTICS CONCEPT & ADAPTATION TRANSPORTATION ANALYSIS WAREHOUSE & INVENTORY
MANAGEMENT SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT LOGISTICS EXPERTS SHARING ENGLISH LANGUAGE
REQUIREMENTS for logistics program postgraduate is IELTS 5.5 or equivalent or
passed the Rangsit University English Language Proficiency Test The logistics
postgraduate program fee is 87,000 Baht per semester plus application fee 515
Baht for the whole program is 348,515 Baht. You need to study 2 years. You can
study Master of Science(Management of Logistics) in these semesters August and
January Semesters CAREER OPPORTUNITIES for Master of Science(Management of
Logistics) is Logistics Entrepreneurs, Logistics Executive, Logistics Analysts,
Logistics Government Officer, Logistics Consultant, etc. for more details
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/postgraduate/logistics/ The website of study
Master of Science(Management of Logistics) , postgraduate of logistics is
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/postgraduate/logistics/

103
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
The website for postgraduate master of design is
https://www.rsuip.org/programmes/postgraduate/design/ Head of master of fine Art
& Design Program is Asst. Prof. Rewat Chumnarn. The email address is Email:
rewat.c@rsu.ac.th The coordinator for Fine Art & Design program prompt is
Program Coordinator: Panya Zahoh. The email address is panya.z @rsu.ac.th.
Postgraduate Master of logistics program For that program you will get Master of
Science(Management of Logistics) degree CORE CONCEPTS of Master of logistics
program

106
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
for Communication Arts in Film and Series Writing and Directing post graduate
program You can Communication Arts in Film and Series Writing and Directing post
graduate program in these semesters August and January Semesters. You need to
study 2 years. English requirements for this program is IELTS 5.5 or equivalent
or passed the Rangsit University English Language Proficiency Test. The course
fees for Communication Arts in Film and Series Writing and Directing post
graduate program is 97,000 Baht per semester plus application fee 515 Baht and
the whole program fees is 388,515 Baht. The head of program of Communication
Arts in Film and Series Writing and Directing postgraduate program is Asst.
Prof. Dr. Chalongrat

107
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Chermalchollamak and the email is chch_ch@hotmail.com,
gradcommarts.rsu@gmail.com. The coordinator of that program is Khun Pakkard and
email is vinusta.w@rsu.ac.th ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING Postgraduate
program After you finish study you will get Master of Engineering degree. You
need to study 2 years. English requirements for this program is IELTS 5.5 or
equivalent or passed the Rangsit University English Language Proficiency Test.
The program fees of ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING Postgraduate program is
87,000 Baht per semester plus application fee 515 Baht and the total fees is
348,515 Baht. The head of department of ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Postgraduate program is Asst. Prof. Dr. Supattana Nirukkanaporn and email
address is supattana@rsu.ac.th. The coordinator of the program is Khun Wasana
Aungern and email address is wasana@rsu.ac.th. CYBER SECURITY MANAGEMENT AND
TECHNOLOGY postgraduate program

108
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
After you finish you will get this degree Master of Science (Cyber Security
Management and Technology). CORE CONCEPTS of CYBER SECURITY MANAGEMENT AND
TECHNOLOGY postgraduate program is Cyber Security Management Technology and
Research Database System Technology Data Science and Machine Learning System
Implementation and Management You need to study 2 years. English requirements
for this program is IELTS 5.5 or equivalent or passed the Rangsit University
English Language Proficiency Test. The program fee is 87,000 Baht per semester
plus application fee 515 Baht and for the total program fees of CYBER SECURITY
MANAGEMENT AND TECHNOLOGY postgraduate program is 348515 baht. The head of
program of CYBER SECURITY MANAGEMENT AND TECHNOLOGY postgraduate program is
Asst. Prof. Dr. Auttapon Pomsatit and email is auttaton.p@rsu.ac.th The
coordinator of the program is Khun Piyavadee Chisomboon and email is
piyavadee.m10@gmail.com. There are 4 doctor program at Rangsit International
College

111
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
COMMUNICATION ARTS is 100,000 Baht per semester plus application fee 515 Baht
and the total fees of the program is 600515 baht. The head of program of Doctor
Program of COMMUNICATION ARTS program is Asst. Prof. Dr. Chalongrat
Chermalchollamak and the email is chch_ch@hotmail.com,
gradcommarts.rsu@gmail.com. The coordinator of that program is Khun Pakkard and
email is vinusta.w@rsu.ac.th Doctor program of EDUCATIONAL STUDIES after you
finish study you will get Doctor of Education. You need to study 3 years. The
credits requirement for the program is 48 credits. English requirements for this
program is IELTS 5.5 or equivalent or passed the Rangsit University English
Language Proficiency Test. The program fees of Doctor Program of EDUCATIONAL
STUDIES is 100,000 Baht per semester plus application fee 515 Baht and the total
fees of the program is 600515 baht. . The head of program of Doctor Program of
educational studies program is Asst. Prof. Dr. Pimurai Limpapath and the email
is

105
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Postgraduate program of Master of Communication Arts After you finish study you
will get Master of Communication Arts (Communication Arts). You can study Master
of Communication Arts (Communication Arts) in these semesters August and January
Semesters. You need to study 2 years. English requiremetns for this program is
IELTS 5.5 or equivalent or passed the Rangsit University English Language
Proficiency Test The program fees of Master of Communication Arts is 95,000 Baht
per semester plus application fee 515 Baht CORE CONCEPTS of get Master of
Communication Arts (Communication Arts). • Wholistic and Integrated Program •
Communication Arts Theories, Philosophy and Practice • Multi-Disciplinary
Research • Integrated Community Research Communication Arts in Film and Series
Writing and Directing postgraduate program You will get this degree Master of
Communication Arts (Film and Series Writing and Directing)

110
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
Plan B: 144,000 Baht per semester plus application fee 515 Baht, Total 1,008,515
Baht The head of department of Doctor of Business Administration Program Is Dr.
Chanakeait Samanbhud and email samintertrade@hotmail.com and WeChat/Line:
artman99. The coordinator is Khun Phet and email is tadakarn.k@rsu.ac.th and
WeChat/Line: petchtada/sorcierer Doctor Program of COMMUNICATION ARTS after you
finish study you will get Doctor of Philosophy (Communication Arts). CORE
CONCEPTS of program is Holistic Communication Approach Communication Theories
Communication Criticism Communication Practice How long do you need to study for
Doctor Program of COMMUNICATION ARTS Program You need to study for 3 years.
Credit requirements for this program is 48 credits. English requirements for
this program is IELTS 5.5 or equivalent or passed the Rangsit University English
Language Proficiency Test. The program fees of Doctor Program of

112
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
pimurai.l@rsu.ac.th. The coordinator of that program is Khun Methavee and email
is methavee.t@rsu.ac.th Doctor program of Information Technology After you
finish the program you will get Doctor of Philosophy (Information and
Technology). For that program You need to study Plan A (3 years) - (48 credits)
Plan B (4 Years) - (72 credits) English requirements for this program is IELTS
5.5 or equivalent or passed the Rangsit University English Language Proficiency
Test. The program fees of Doctor program of Information Technology is Plan A:
100,000 Baht per semester plus application fee 515 Baht, Total 600,515 Baht Plan
B: 100,000 Baht per semester plus application fee 515 Baht, Total 800,515 Baht.
The head of program of Doctor program of Information Technology program is
Assoc. Prof. Dr. Kritchana Chimmanee and the email is

113
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
sanon.s@rsu.ac.th The coordinator of that program is Khun Deunpen Tubtim and
email is pen2512@gmail.com EXCHANGE AND STUDY ABROAD Rangsit University welcomes
students from its partner universities to spend 1 semester in one of its 19
International and bilingual programmes and register between 9 - 18 credits with
tuition fees waived.The students will gain unique overseas experiences and meet
with International friends and lecturers from different continents. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION about EXCHANGE AND STUDY ABROAD Please contact Mr. Mongkon Kongsakun
International Coordinator, Rangsit University Tel: +66(2) 997-2222 ext. 3472
Email: exchange@rsu.ac.th Outbound Exchange Program Rangsit University students
could spend 1 semester in one of its partner universities around the world and
transfer the credits back towards their degree completion. Explore the
opportunity and set an appointment with IEL @ ISC today to plan your life
changing journey. Study Abroad Program

114
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
As a study abroad student, you will be eligible to register, learn and enjoy all
the academic courses, activities and having access to facilities on campus as
same as the full time students. You will gain unique experiences at Rangsit
University Thailand, learn about people and culture while receiving the credits
from the courses registered to be transferred back home. ELIGIBILITY : EXCHANGE
AND STUDY ADROAD STUDENT EXCHANGE: Inbound to RSU Applicants must be currently
enrolled in an accredited RSU's partner university and completed at least 1 year
at the home university (Visit partner university list) Applicants must be
willing to adhere to Thailand's law / RSU student rules and conduct code
Applicants must have average GPA of 2.5 or higher If applicant is not a native
English speaker, he or she must score 500 or higher on the TOFL, 5.0 on IELTS or
pass RELI / RIC English proficiency test Where the language of instruction is
not English, some proficiency in the relevant language will

109
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
1. Business Administration 2. Communication Arts 3. Educational Studies 4.
Information and Technology Doctor of Business Administration Program After you
finish study you will get this degree Doctor of Business Administration. You
need to study 3-4 years. Plan A (3 years) - PLAN A (6 semesters, 54 credits)
Plan B (4 Years) - PLAN B (7 semesters, 63 credits) English requirements for
this program is IELTS 5.5 or equivalent or passed the Rangsit University English
Language Proficiency Test. The course fees of the program Doctor of Business
Administration Program is Plan A: 144,000 Baht per semester plus application fee

116
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
* Please consult faculty's International Coordinator to form the learning
agreement & submit to CIEL for registration & transcript issuance assistance.
The form can be submitted to CIEL online, prior to the departure. **Quota
Exchange students accepted under generic Memorandum of Understanding: 5 students
/ semester (RIC) Separate numbers of students are accepted on top of this for
the faculties with FACULTY to FACULTY addendum EXCHANGE: Outbound to World
Applicants must completed at least 1 year at RSU and currently enrolled as a
full time stduent at RSU Applicants must be willing to adhere to host country's
law / partner university's student rules and conduct code Applicants must have
average GPA of 2.5 or higher Some courses at host universities will require
higher grade averages (such as Law and Engineering) Evidence of English
competency (TOEFL) may not be required by some host universities Where the
language of instruction is not English, proficiency in the relevant language
will be

117
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
required Applicant must be in good health both mentally and physically Applicant
must have no criminal record Document required 1. Online application form 2.
Scan of student ID 3. Scan of study record / transcript 4. Scan of nomination
form 5. Scan of reference form 6. Scan of health certifictae Upon acceptance,
student must form and submit completed learning agreement to CIEL prior to the
departure. INBOUND to RSU Applicants must be currently enrolled in an accredited
university or higher education institute and completed at least 1 year at the
home university Applicants must be willing to adhere to Thailand's law / RSU
student rules and conduct code Applicants must have average GPA of 2.5 or higher
If applicant is not a native English speaker, he or she must score 500 or higher
on the TOEFL, 5.0 on IELTS or pass RELI / RIC English proficiency test Where the
language of instruction is not English, some proficiency in the relevant
language will be required.

118
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
be required. Applicant must be in good health both mentally and physically
Applicant must have no criminal record Document required 1. Online application
form 2. Scan of passport 3. Scan of study record / transcript 4. Scan of signed
learning agreement* 5. Scan of health certificate 6. Scan of reference form

119
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
* Please consult faculty's International Coordinator to form the learning
agreement & submit to CIEL for registration & transcript issuance assistance.
The form can be submitted to CIEL online, prior to the departure. THE
INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE ACADEMIC CALENDAR SEMESTER 2/2023 From November 13 –
December 6, 2023 is Pre-Registration Period via Intranet System and make a bank
transfer payment. From December 13 – 20, 2023 is Late-Registration Period
without fee via Intranet System. From December 31, 2023 – January 1, 2024 is
Public Holiday (New Year’s Eve) and Public Holiday (New Year). From January 2,
2024 is Public Holiday (New Year’s Eve) and Public Holiday (New Year). January
5, 2024 is RIC Orientation. January 8, 2024 is First day of classes and First
day of late-registration with fee* January 19, 2024 is Last day of
late-registration with fee* and Last day of withdrawal without “W” record and
receive full credit fees refunded.

120
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
From January 22 – 26, 2024 is Period of near-graduated student’s request for
graduation in Semester 2/2022. January 25, 2024 is RSU Anniversary Day. January
26, 2024 is Last day for changing “I” grade and last day for summarizing the
list of graduates in Term 1/2023. February 24, 2024 is Public Holiday (Makha
Bucha Day). February 26, 2024 is Public Holiday (Makha Bucha Day). From February
27– March 1, 2024 is Term Break. From February 27 – March 28, 2024 is Freshmen
Sports Day “Phayorm Games”. April 6, 2024 is Public Holiday (Chakri Memorial
Day). April 8, 2024 is Public Holiday (Chakri Memorial Day). April 12, 2024 is
Last day of withdrawal with “W” record. From April 13 – 15, 2024 is Public
Holidays (Songkran Festival Day). From April 16 - 17, 2024 is Public Holidays
(Songkran Festival Day). April 26, 2024 is Last day of classes. From April 29 -
May 9, 2024 is final exam. From April 29 - May 9, 2024 is final examination. May
4, 2024 is Public Holiday (Coronation Day).

121
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
May 6, 2024 is Public Holiday (Coronation Day). *Late registration fee is 500
THB per day. Note: RIC will not, except in very unusual circumstances, grant
permission to individual students for an early final examination.

123
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
International College Code 15 Color Light Purple Kritsada Sriphaew, Ph.D.,
Assistant Professor. Dean Qualification B.Eng.Honors (Computer Engineering),
King Mongkut’s Institute of Technology, Ladkrabang, Thailand Ph.D. (Technology),
Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology, Thammasat University, Thailand
International College offers the following 6 International Programs: Bachelor’s
Degree Communication Arts International Business Information and Communication
Technology International Hospitality Industry International Relations and
Development Master’s Degree International Digital Business

115
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
be required. Applicant must be in good health both mentally and physically
Applicant must have no criminal record Document required 1. Online application
form 2. Scan of passport 3. Scan of study record / transcript 4. Scan of signed
and sealed learning agreement* 5. Scan of health certificate 6. Scan of
nomination form

124
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Degree : Bachelor of Communication Arts B.Comm Arts (International Program) Why
study Comm Arts? • Holistic knowledge of communication • Modern and uniquely
designed program to enhance career opportunities • World-leading academics and
highly experienced lecturers • Multidisciplinary education • Third language
proficiency • Local and/or abroad internship program • International experience
• Outstanding mix of friends from all over the world Career opportunities: There
continues to be a huge demand for graduate in all areas of Comm Arts, and
em-ployment prospects are excellent, which include: • Account Executive • Public
Relations Practitioner • Copywriter • Columnist • News Editor • Event Organizer
Qualifcations: 1. Academic Entry Requirement a. Completed Upper Secondary School
(M.6 Certificate) or its equivalent as

125
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education or; b. Completed High School Grade
12 (US System) or; Communication Arts Program (Comm Arts)

126
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College c.
Passed 5 subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS Subjects with Grade C
or above (British System) or; d. Completed International Baccalaureate (IB)
Diploma 2. English Language Requirement* a. English is the applicant’s first
language or; b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or c. An IELTS
(Academic) overall score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500 in
Paper-Based Test; 173 in Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or; e.
CU-TEP Test equivalent score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass the
Rangsit University International College (RIC) Placement Test *An applicant who
does not meet the English language requirement will take the RIC Eng- lish
Foundation Programme before they can start the degree program. Education System
& Academic Calendar : RIC employs the semester system, in which each of the two
semesters is 15 weeks

127
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
and a summer of 8 weeks in length. Our academic calendar is as follows: • Summer
: June - July • Semester I : August - December • Semester II : January - May
Application Periods • Summer : February - June • Semester I : June - August •
Semester II : September - January Comm. Arts Program Structure: • A 4-year
program • Total credit 126 credits Pre-College (non-credit) 27 credits The
subjects for International Foundation English (IFE) are following: IFE Level I

98
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/FinalRicBestdata.pdf
To study Postgraduate of International Digital Business program June
(pre-sessional programme starts) August (programme starts) this terms are open.
Career opportunities for Postgraduate of International Digital Business program
Entrepreneur and Start-up Digital Marketer Innovation Developer Multinational
Corporate Staff Company’s Executive Officer English requirements for MIDB
Program is IELTS 5.5 or equivalent (English Test can be provided at RIC), or;
Pass pre-sessional program

122
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College

128
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College IFE
101 Active Integrated English I IFE 102 English Listening and Speaking I IFE 103
English Academic Reading and Writing I IFE Level II IFE 104 Active Integrated
English II IFE 105 English Listening and Speaking II IFE 106 English Academic
Reading and Writing II IFE 011 Bac International Test II General Education
Courses 30 credits Group 1 and Group 2 15 credits RSU Identity 3 credits
Internationalization and Communication 12 credits - English Language 6 credits -
International Language and International Experience 6 credits Group 3 – Group 8
15 credits The student can select to study in group 3- group 8 by selecting
subject not ex-

130
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Second Year Semester I ICO 230 Creative Thinking for 3(2-2-5)
Communication Arts ICO 218 Intercultural Communication 3(3-0-6) in ASEAN ICA 217
Psychology of 3(3-0-6) Communication XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx
General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General
Education 3(_-_-_) Total 15 credits Semester II ICO 211 Laws of Mass 3(3-0-6)
Communication ICO 222 Ethics of Mass 3(3-0-6) Communication ICO 231 Creative
Content for 3(2-2-5) Digital Media ICA 253 Advanced Writing for 3(3-0-6)
Communication XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) ICA xxx Professional Elective I
3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) Total 21 credits Communication Arts
Study Plan Semester I ICO 111 Principles and Theories of 3(3-0-6)

129
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
ceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of credit is not less than 15
credits Group 3 - Leadership and Social Responsibility 3 credits Group 4 - Arts
and Culture 3 credits Group 5 - Innovative Entrepreneurship 3 credits Group 6 -
Digital Media Literacy 3 credits Group 7 - Essence of Science 3 credits Group 8
- RSU My-Style 3 credits Core Course 99 credits Professional Foundation Courses
36 credits Professional Courses 63 credits Required Professional Courses 48
credits Elective Professional Courses 15 credits Free Elective Courses (not less
than) 6 credits

133
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Elective II XXX xxx Professional Concentrated 3(_-_-_) Elective III XXX xxx
Professional Concentrated 3(_-_-_) Elective IV XXX xxx Professional Concentrated
3(_-_-_) Elective V Total 18 credits

131
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Communication ICO 112 Introduction to Mass 3(3-0-6) Communication ICA 111
Introduction to Journalism 3(2-2-5) ICA 120 Introduction to Radio and 3(3-0-6)
Television ICA 122 Principles of Strategic 3(3-0-6) Communication XXX xxx
General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 1(_-_-_) IRS 101
Dharmacracy 2(2-0-4) Total 18 credits Semester II ICO 113 Speech and Personality
3(2-2-5) ICO 116 Language and 3(2-2-5) Communication in Social and Cultural
Context ICO 215 Digital Photography for 3(2-2-5) Communication ICA 132
Persuasive Communication 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx
General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) Total 21 credits

135
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
• Business Organization Qualifcations: 1. Academic Entry Requirement a.
Completed Upper Secondary School (M.6 Certificate) or its equivalent as
recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education or; b. Completed High School Grade
12 (US System) or; c. Passed 5 subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS
Subjects with Grade C or above (British System) or; d. Completed International
Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma 2. English Language Requirement* a. English is the
applicant’s first language or; b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or
c. An IELTS (Academic) overall score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500
in Paper-Based Test; 173 in Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or;
e. CU-TEP Test equivalent score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass
the Rangsit University International College (RIC) Placement Test *An applicant
who does not meet the English language requirement will take the RIC English

134
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
International Business Program (IB) Degree : Bachelor of Business Administration
(International Business) B.B.A. (International Business) Why study IB? •
Extensive knowledge of international business analysis and international trade •
Modern and uniquely designed program to enhance career opportunities •
World-leading academics and highly experienced lecturers • Multidisciplinary
education • Third language proficiency • Local and/or abroad internship program
• International experience • The Outstanding mix of friends from all over the
world Career opportunities: There continues to be a huge demand for graduate in
all areas of IB, and employment prospects are excellent, which include: •
Multi-National Corporations in Sales, Marketing, Import-Export • Government:
BOI, Export Promotion, International Trade • Trade Organization • Entrepreneur •
Import-Export Business

136
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Foundation Programme before they can start the degree program.

138
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
IFE 011 Bac International Test II General Education Program (International
Program): 30 credits Group 1 and Group 2 15 credits RSU Identity 3 credits
Internationalization and Communication 12 credits - English Language 6 credits -
International Language and International Experience 6 credits Group 3 – Group 8
15 credits (The student can select to study in group 3- group 8 by selecting
subject not exceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of credit is not
less than 15 credits) Group 3 - Leadership and Social Responsibility 3 credits

137
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College

3
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education or; b. Completed High School Grade
12 (US System) or; Communication Arts Program (Comm Arts)

4
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College c.
Passed 5 subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS Subjects with Grade C
or above (British System) or; d. Completed International Baccalaureate (IB)
Diploma 2. English Language Requirement* a. English is the applicant’s first
language or; b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or c. An IELTS
(Academic) overall score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500 in
Paper-Based Test; 173 in Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or; e.
CU-TEP Test equivalent score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass the
Rangsit University International College (RIC) Placement Test *An applicant who
does not meet the English language requirement will take the RIC Eng- lish
Foundation Programme before they can start the degree program. Education System
& Academic Calendar : RIC employs the semester system, in which each of the two
semesters is 15 weeks

6
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College IFE
101 Active Integrated English I IFE 102 English Listening and Speaking I IFE 103
English Academic Reading and Writing I IFE Level II IFE 104 Active Integrated
English II IFE 105 English Listening and Speaking II IFE 106 English Academic
Reading and Writing II IFE 011 Bac International Test II General Education
Courses 30 credits Group 1 and Group 2 15 credits RSU Identity 3 credits
Internationalization and Communication 12 credits - English Language 6 credits -
International Language and International Experience 6 credits Group 3 – Group 8
15 credits The student can select to study in group 3- group 8 by selecting
subject not ex-

5
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
and a summer of 8 weeks in length. Our academic calendar is as follows: • Summer
: June - July • Semester I : August - December • Semester II : January - May
Application Periods • Summer : February - June • Semester I : June - August •
Semester II : September - January Comm. Arts Program Structure: • A 4-year
program • Total credit 126 credits Pre-College (non-credit) 27 credits The
subjects for International Foundation English (IFE) are following: IFE Level I

1
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
International College Code 15 Color Light Purple Kritsada Sriphaew, Ph.D.,
Assistant Professor. Dean Qualification B.Eng.Honors (Computer Engineering),
King Mongkut’s Institute of Technology, Ladkrabang, Thailand Ph.D. (Technology),
Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology, Thammasat University, Thailand
International College offers the following 6 International Programs: Bachelor’s
Degree Communication Arts International Business Information and Communication
Technology International Hospitality Industry International Relations and
Development Master’s Degree International Digital Business

9
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Communication ICO 112 Introduction to Mass 3(3-0-6) Communication ICA 111
Introduction to Journalism 3(2-2-5) ICA 120 Introduction to Radio and 3(3-0-6)
Television ICA 122 Principles of Strategic 3(3-0-6) Communication XXX xxx
General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 1(_-_-_) IRS 101
Dharmacracy 2(2-0-4) Total 18 credits Semester II ICO 113 Speech and Personality
3(2-2-5) ICO 116 Language and 3(2-2-5) Communication in Social and Cultural
Context ICO 215 Digital Photography for 3(2-2-5) Communication ICA 132
Persuasive Communication 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx
General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) Total 21 credits

8
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Second Year Semester I ICO 230 Creative Thinking for 3(2-2-5)
Communication Arts ICO 218 Intercultural Communication 3(3-0-6) in ASEAN ICA 217
Psychology of 3(3-0-6) Communication XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx
General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General
Education 3(_-_-_) Total 15 credits Semester II ICO 211 Laws of Mass 3(3-0-6)
Communication ICO 222 Ethics of Mass 3(3-0-6) Communication ICO 231 Creative
Content for 3(2-2-5) Digital Media ICA 253 Advanced Writing for 3(3-0-6)
Communication XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) ICA xxx Professional Elective I
3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) Total 21 credits Communication Arts
Study Plan Semester I ICO 111 Principles and Theories of 3(3-0-6)

10
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Third Year Fourth Year Semester I ICA491 Communication Arts 3(2-2-5)
Professional Seminar XXX xxx Free Elective I 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Free Elective II
3(_-_-_) Total 9 credits Semester II ICA 492 Senior Project 5(0-10-5) ICA 493
Internship in 1 (0-35-18) Communication Arts Or ICA 494 Co-operative Education
6(0-35-18) Total 6 credits Semester I ICO 311 Communication Research 3(3-0-6)
ICA 251 Target Audience Behavior 3(3-0-6) ICA 311 Strategic Communication
3(3-0-6) Planning and Evaluation ICA 312 Production for Multimedia 3(2-2-5) ICA
xxx Professional Elective II 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Professional Concentrated 3(_-_-_)
Elective I Total 18 credits Semester II ICA 313 International
Communication3(3-0-6) Entrepreneurship ICA xxx Professional Elective IlI
3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Professional Concentrated 3(_-_-_)

12
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
International Business Program (IB) Degree : Bachelor of Business Administration
(International Business) B.B.A. (International Business) Why study IB? •
Extensive knowledge of international business analysis and international trade •
Modern and uniquely designed program to enhance career opportunities •
World-leading academics and highly experienced lecturers • Multidisciplinary
education • Third language proficiency • Local and/or abroad internship program
• International experience • The Outstanding mix of friends from all over the
world Career opportunities: There continues to be a huge demand for graduate in
all areas of IB, and employment prospects are excellent, which include: •
Multi-National Corporations in Sales, Marketing, Import-Export • Government:
BOI, Export Promotion, International Trade • Trade Organization • Entrepreneur •
Import-Export Business

11
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Elective II XXX xxx Professional Concentrated 3(_-_-_) Elective III XXX xxx
Professional Concentrated 3(_-_-_) Elective IV XXX xxx Professional Concentrated
3(_-_-_) Elective V Total 18 credits

13
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
• Business Organization Qualifcations: 1. Academic Entry Requirement a.
Completed Upper Secondary School (M.6 Certificate) or its equivalent as
recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education or; b. Completed High School Grade
12 (US System) or; c. Passed 5 subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS
Subjects with Grade C or above (British System) or; d. Completed International
Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma 2. English Language Requirement* a. English is the
applicant’s first language or; b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or
c. An IELTS (Academic) overall score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500
in Paper-Based Test; 173 in Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or;
e. CU-TEP Test equivalent score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass
the Rangsit University International College (RIC) Placement Test *An applicant
who does not meet the English language requirement will take the RIC English

15
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Education System & Academic Calendar: RIC employs the semester system, in which
each of the two semesters is 15 weeks and a summer of 8 weeks in length. Our
academic calendar is as follows: • Summer : June – July • Semester I : August –
December • Semester II : January - May Application Periods : • Summer : February
– June • Semester I : June – August • Semester lI : September – January IB
Program • A four year program • Total credit 132 credit Pre-College Courses
(non-credit) 19 Credits The subjects for International Foundation English (IFE)
are the following: IFE Level I IFE 101 Active Integrated English I IFE 102
English Listening and Speaking I IFE 103 English Academic Reading and Writing I
IFE Level II IFE 104 Active Integrated English II IFE 105 English Listening and
Speaking II IFE 106 English Academic Reading and Writing II

<<<<<<< HEAD
140
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Core Courses 96 credits l. Professional Foundation Courses 36 credits II. Major
Courses 63 credits • Required Major Courses 36 credits • Elective Major Courses
24 credits III. Free Elective 6 credits

141
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Second Year Semester I XXX xxx General Education V 3(_-_-_) IAC 100
Principles of Financial 3(_-_-_) Accounting ILA 112 Business Law 3(3-0-6) IPO
201 Operation Management 3(3-0-6) IHR 201 Human Resource 3(3-0-6) Management and
Entrepreneurship IEC212 Principles of Macroeconomics 3(3-0-6) Total 18 Credits
Semester II IAC 103 Principles of Managerial 3(3-0-6) Accounting IPO 200
Quantitative Analysis and 3(3-0-6) Business Statistics IFN 201 Business Finance
3(3-0-6) IBM 301 Global Business 3(3-0-6) Management IBM 334 International
Business 3(3-0-6) Logistics ICS 211 Computer Problem 3(2-2-5) Solving for
Business XXX xxx Free Elective I 3(_-_-_) Total 21 Credits International
Business Summer

142
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Summer IRS 111 Social Dharmacracy 2(2-0-4) XXX xxx GE Language I 3(3-0-6) IRS
112 Sport for Health 1(0-2-1) Total 6 Credits Semester I XXX xxx General
Education I 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education II 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General
Education III 3(_-_-_) ITA 126/ Thai Language 3(2-2-6) ITA 127 Thai Language for
Beginner IMK 201 Principles of Marketing 3(3-0-6) Total 15 Credits Semester II
XXX xxx General Education IV 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx GE other Language II 3(_-_-_) XXX
xxx GE other Language III 3(_-_-_) IEC 211 Principles of Microeconomics 3(3-0-6)
IMG 201 Modern Management and 3(3-0-6) Organization Behaviour Total 15 Credits

132
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Third Year Fourth Year Semester I ICA491 Communication Arts 3(2-2-5)
Professional Seminar XXX xxx Free Elective I 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Free Elective II
3(_-_-_) Total 9 credits Semester II ICA 492 Senior Project 5(0-10-5) ICA 493
Internship in 1 (0-35-18) Communication Arts Or ICA 494 Co-operative Education
6(0-35-18) Total 6 credits Semester I ICO 311 Communication Research 3(3-0-6)
ICA 251 Target Audience Behavior 3(3-0-6) ICA 311 Strategic Communication
3(3-0-6) Planning and Evaluation ICA 312 Production for Multimedia 3(2-2-5) ICA
xxx Professional Elective II 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Professional Concentrated 3(_-_-_)
Elective I Total 18 credits Semester II ICA 313 International
Communication3(3-0-6) Entrepreneurship ICA xxx Professional Elective IlI
3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Professional Concentrated 3(_-_-_)

143
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
14
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Foundation Programme before they can start the degree program.

2
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Degree : Bachelor of Communication Arts B.Comm Arts (International Program) Why
study Comm Arts? • Holistic knowledge of communication • Modern and uniquely
designed program to enhance career opportunities • World-leading academics and
highly experienced lecturers • Multidisciplinary education • Third language
proficiency • Local and/or abroad internship program • International experience
• Outstanding mix of friends from all over the world Career opportunities: There
continues to be a huge demand for graduate in all areas of Comm Arts, and
em-ployment prospects are excellent, which include: • Account Executive • Public
Relations Practitioner • Copywriter • Columnist • News Editor • Event Organizer
Qualifcations: 1. Academic Entry Requirement a. Completed Upper Secondary School
(M.6 Certificate) or its equivalent as

16
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
IFE 011 Bac International Test II General Education Program (International
Program): 30 credits Group 1 and Group 2 15 credits RSU Identity 3 credits
Internationalization and Communication 12 credits - English Language 6 credits -
International Language and International Experience 6 credits Group 3 – Group 8
15 credits (The student can select to study in group 3- group 8 by selecting
subject not exceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of credit is not
less than 15 credits) Group 3 - Leadership and Social Responsibility 3 credits

17
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Group 4 - Arts and Culture 3 credits Group 5 - Innovative Entrepreneurship 3
credits Group 6 - Digital Media Literacy 3 credits Group 7 - Essence of Science
3 credits Group 8 - RSU My-Style 3 credits

21
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Third Year Fourth Year Plan A Semester I IBM 431 Export-Import Management
3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Major Elective V 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Major Elective VI 3(_-_-_)
XXX xxx Major Elective VII 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Major Elective VIII 3(_-_-_) Total
15 Credits Semester II IBM 498 Internship 3(0-35-18) Total 3 Credits OR Plan B
For Co-operative Study Plan Semester I IBM 492 Current Issues in 3(3-0-6)
International Business XXX xxx Major Elective V 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Major Elective
VI 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Major Elective VII 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Major Elective VIII
3(_-_-_) Total 15 Credits Semester II IBM 494 Co-Operative Education 6(0-35-18)
Total 6 Credits Semester I IBM 492 Current Issues in International 3(3-0-6)
Business IBM 445 Cross Cultural Management 3(3-0-6) IBM 460 Global Competitive
Strategy 3(3-0-6)

<<<<<<< HEAD
144
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
IFN 331 International Finance 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Major Elective I 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx
Major Elective II 3(_-_-_) Total 18 Credits Semester II ILA 431 International
Trade Law 3(3-0-6) IMG 336 Leadership, Negotiation 3(3-0-6) and Conflict
Management IMK 331 Global Marketing 3(3-0-6) IPO 302 Research Methods 3(3-0-6)
XXX xxx Major Elective III 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Major Elective IV 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx
Free Elective II 3(_-_-_) Total 21 Credits

146
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
7. Network Administrator/IT support 8. Data Analyst Qualifications: 1. Academic
Entry Requirement a. Completed Upper Secondary School (M.6 Certificate) or its
equivalent as recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education or; b. Completed High
School Grade 12 (US System) or; Information and Communication Technology Program
(ICT)

147
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College c.
Passed 5 subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS Subjects with Grade C
or above (British System) or; d. Completed International Baccalaureate (IB)
Diploma 2. English Language Requirement* a. English is the applicant’s first
language or; b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or c. An IELTS
(Academic) overall score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500 in
Paper-Based Test; 173 in Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or; e.
CU-TEP Test equivalent score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass the
Rangsit University International College (RIC) Placement Test *An applicant who
does not meet the English language requirement will take the RIC English
Foundation Programme before they can start the degree program. Education System
& Academic Calendar ICT employs the semester system, in which each of the two
semester in 15 weeks and a

148
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
summer of 8 weeks in length. Our academic calendar is as follows: • Summer :
June - July • Semester I : August - December • Semester II : January - May
Application Period: • Summer : February - June • Semester I : June - August •
Semester II : September - January ICT Program Structure: • A 4-year program • A
total of 120 credits Pre-College Courses (non-credit) 27 credits The subjects
for International Foundation English (IFE) are the following: IFE Level I IFE
101 Active Integrated English I IFE 102 English Listening and Speaking I IFE 103
English Academic Reading and Writing I

150
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
(The student can select to study in group 3- group 8 by selecting subject not
exceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of credit is not less than 15
credits) Group 3 - Leadership and Social Responsibility 3 credits Group 4 - Arts
and Culture 3 credits Group 5 - Innovative Entrepreneurship 3 credits Group 6 -
Digital Media Literacy 3 credits Group 7 - Essence of Science 3 credits Group 8
- RSU My-Style 3 credits Special Core Course 90 credits I. Foundation Core
Course 18 credits II. Major Core Courses 72 credits A. Major Compulsory Courses
51 credits A1. Organization and Information Technology issues 15 credits A2.
Technology Applications 15 credits

139
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Group 4 - Arts and Culture 3 credits Group 5 - Innovative Entrepreneurship 3
credits Group 6 - Digital Media Literacy 3 credits Group 7 - Essence of Science
3 credits Group 8 - RSU My-Style 3 credits

151
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
A3. Technology and Software Process 9 credits A4. System Operation and Structure
6 credits A5. Thesis and Co-operative Education 6 credits B. Major Elective
Courses 15 credits III. Free Elective Courses 6 credits

145
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
19
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Second Year Semester I XXX xxx General Education V 3(_-_-_) IAC 100
Principles of Financial 3(_-_-_) Accounting ILA 112 Business Law 3(3-0-6) IPO
201 Operation Management 3(3-0-6) IHR 201 Human Resource 3(3-0-6) Management and
Entrepreneurship IEC212 Principles of Macroeconomics 3(3-0-6) Total 18 Credits
Semester II IAC 103 Principles of Managerial 3(3-0-6) Accounting IPO 200
Quantitative Analysis and 3(3-0-6) Business Statistics IFN 201 Business Finance
3(3-0-6) IBM 301 Global Business 3(3-0-6) Management IBM 334 International
Business 3(3-0-6) Logistics ICS 211 Computer Problem 3(2-2-5) Solving for
Business XXX xxx Free Elective I 3(_-_-_) Total 21 Credits International
Business Summer

20
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Summer IRS 111 Social Dharmacracy 2(2-0-4) XXX xxx GE Language I 3(3-0-6) IRS
112 Sport for Health 1(0-2-1) Total 6 Credits Semester I XXX xxx General
Education I 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education II 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General
Education III 3(_-_-_) ITA 126/ Thai Language 3(2-2-6) ITA 127 Thai Language for
Beginner IMK 201 Principles of Marketing 3(3-0-6) Total 15 Credits Semester II
XXX xxx General Education IV 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx GE other Language II 3(_-_-_) XXX
xxx GE other Language III 3(_-_-_) IEC 211 Principles of Microeconomics 3(3-0-6)
IMG 201 Modern Management and 3(3-0-6) Organization Behaviour Total 15 Credits

23
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Degree: Bachelor of Science (Information and Communication Technology) B.Sc.
(Information and Communication Technology) Why study ICT? • International
Program with international experience • Double degree with partner universities
• Local and/or abroad cooperative education programs with well-known companies •
Modern and uniquely designed program to enhance career opportunities •
World-leading academics and highly experienced lecturers • Technology-driven and
multidisciplinary education • Third language proficiency • Outstanding mingle of
classmates from all over the world Career opportunities: There continues to be a
huge demand for graduates in all areas of ICT, and employment prospects are
excellent, which include: 1. System Analyst 2. Information Technologist 3.
Programmer 4. Software Developer 5. Software Taster/Quality Assurance 6.
Database Administrator

<<<<<<< HEAD
153
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
22
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
IFN 331 International Finance 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Major Elective I 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx
Major Elective II 3(_-_-_) Total 18 Credits Semester II ILA 431 International
Trade Law 3(3-0-6) IMG 336 Leadership, Negotiation 3(3-0-6) and Conflict
Management IMK 331 Global Marketing 3(3-0-6) IPO 302 Research Methods 3(3-0-6)
XXX xxx Major Elective III 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Major Elective IV 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx
Free Elective II 3(_-_-_) Total 21 Credits

26
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
summer of 8 weeks in length. Our academic calendar is as follows: • Summer :
June - July • Semester I : August - December • Semester II : January - May
Application Period: • Summer : February - June • Semester I : June - August •
Semester II : September - January ICT Program Structure: • A 4-year program • A
total of 120 credits Pre-College Courses (non-credit) 27 credits The subjects
for International Foundation English (IFE) are the following: IFE Level I IFE
101 Active Integrated English I IFE 102 English Listening and Speaking I IFE 103
English Academic Reading and Writing I

7
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
ceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of credit is not less than 15
credits Group 3 - Leadership and Social Responsibility 3 credits Group 4 - Arts
and Culture 3 credits Group 5 - Innovative Entrepreneurship 3 credits Group 6 -
Digital Media Literacy 3 credits Group 7 - Essence of Science 3 credits Group 8
- RSU My-Style 3 credits Core Course 99 credits Professional Foundation Courses
36 credits Professional Courses 63 credits Required Professional Courses 48
credits Elective Professional Courses 15 credits Free Elective Courses (not less
than) 6 credits

25
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College c.
Passed 5 subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS Subjects with Grade C
or above (British System) or; d. Completed International Baccalaureate (IB)
Diploma 2. English Language Requirement* a. English is the applicant’s first
language or; b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or c. An IELTS
(Academic) overall score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500 in
Paper-Based Test; 173 in Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or; e.
CU-TEP Test equivalent score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass the
Rangsit University International College (RIC) Placement Test *An applicant who
does not meet the English language requirement will take the RIC English
Foundation Programme before they can start the degree program. Education System
& Academic Calendar ICT employs the semester system, in which each of the two
semester in 15 weeks and a

27
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College IFE
Level II IFE 104 Active Integrated English II IFE 105 English Listening and
Speaking II IFE 106 English Academic Reading and Writing II IFE 011 Bac
International Test II General Education Program (International Program): 30
credits Group 1 and Group 2 15 credits RSU Identity 3 credits
Internationalization and Communication 12 credits - English Language 6 credits -
International Language and International Experience 6 credits Group 3 – Group 8
15 credits

28
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
(The student can select to study in group 3- group 8 by selecting subject not
exceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of credit is not less than 15
credits) Group 3 - Leadership and Social Responsibility 3 credits Group 4 - Arts
and Culture 3 credits Group 5 - Innovative Entrepreneurship 3 credits Group 6 -
Digital Media Literacy 3 credits Group 7 - Essence of Science 3 credits Group 8
- RSU My-Style 3 credits Special Core Course 90 credits I. Foundation Core
Course 18 credits II. Major Core Courses 72 credits A. Major Compulsory Courses
51 credits A1. Organization and Information Technology issues 15 credits A2.
Technology Applications 15 credits

29
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
A3. Technology and Software Process 9 credits A4. System Operation and Structure
6 credits A5. Thesis and Co-operative Education 6 credits B. Major Elective
Courses 15 credits III. Free Elective Courses 6 credits

30
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College ICT
Study Plan Semester I ICT 111 Introduction to Information 3(3-0-6) Technology
ITA 106/107 Thai Language for 3(2-2-5) Communication/Thai Language for Business
ILE xxx Languages I 3(_-_-_) ILE xxx Languages II 3(_-_-_) ILE xxx Languages III
3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) IRS 112 Sport for Health 1(0-2-1)
IRS 111 Social Dhamacracy 2(2-0-4) *Total 21 credits/ 21 credits Semester II MAT
153 Mathematics for 3(3-0-6) Information Technology ILE xxx Languages IV
3(_-_-_) ICT 101 Object-Oriented Technology 3(3-0-6) ICT 102 Computer
Programming I 3(2-2-5) ICT 103 Database System Concept 3(3-0-6)

32
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
*Total 18 credits/18 credits

31
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
ICT 110 Web System and 3(2-2-5) Technologies XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_)
*Total 21 credits/21 credits First Year Second Year Semester I ICT 112
Fundamental Information 3(3-0-6) Systems ICT 202 Computer Programming II
3(2-2-5) ICT 209 Data Communication and 3(3-0-6) Networking ICT 210 Information
Technology Laws 3(3-0-6) ICT 211 Database Management 3(3-0-6) Systems for
Organization XXX xxx General Education 3(x-x-x) *Total 18 credits/18 credits
Semester II ITE 201 Information Technology 3(3-0-6) ICT 212 Data Structure and
Algorithm 3(3-0-6) ICT 213 System Analysis and Design 3(3-0-6) ICT 215
Human-Computer Interaction 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx General Education 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx
Major Elective I 3(x-x-x)

<<<<<<< HEAD
154
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
*Total 18 credits/18 credits

155
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
33
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Semester I ICT 301 Implementation of 3(2-2-5) Information Technology ICT 302
Social and Professional 3(2-2-5) Issues XXX xxx Major Elective I 3(_-_-_) XXX
xxx Major Elective III 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Major Elective IV 3(_-_-_) *Total 15
credits/15 credits Semester II ICT 304 Information Assurance 3(3-0-6) and
Security ICT 305 Information Systems 3(3-0-6) Project Management XXX xxx Major
Elective V 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Free Elective I 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Free Elective II
3(x-x-x) *Total 15 credits/15 credits Third Year Fourth Year Semester I ICT 401
Seminar in Information and 3(3-0-6)

<<<<<<< HEAD
156
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Communication Technology ICT 402 Bachelor of Science 3(2-2-5) Research Skills
[ICT 494] Introduction to Senior 2(2-0-4) Project Networking *Total 8 credits/6
credits Semester II [ICT 495] Senior Project 3(0-6-3) or [ICT 498] Co-operation
Education 6(0-35-18) *Total 3 credits/6 credits *Note: There are two plans.
i.e., senior project (A) and co-operative education (B) denoted by total credits
A credits/B credits respective ICT Study Plan

157
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Hospitality Industry (IHI) Degree : Bachelor of Arts (Hospitality Industry) B.A.
(Hospitality Industry) Why study IHI? • Extensive knowledge of hospitality
industry • Modern and uniquely design program to enhance career opportunities •
World-leading academics and highly experience lecturers • Multidisciplinary
education • Third language proficiency • Opportunities for practical work
experience and internship • International experience • The outstanding mix of
friends from all over the world Career opportunities: There continues to be a
huge demand for graduate in all areas of IHI, and employment prospects are
excellent, which industry as follows: • Hospitality • Tourism • Hotel • Airlines
• Restaurant • Ministry of tourism • Etc. Qualification 1. Academic Entry
Requirement a. Completed Upper Secondary School (M.6 Certificate) or its
equivalent as

158
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
18
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Core Courses 96 credits l. Professional Foundation Courses 36 credits II. Major
Courses 63 credits • Required Major Courses 36 credits • Elective Major Courses
24 credits III. Free Elective 6 credits

36
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education or; b. Completed High School Grade
12 (US System) or; c. Passed 5 subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS
Subjects with Grade C or above (British System) or; d. Completed International
Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma

<<<<<<< HEAD
159
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
37
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College 2.
English Language Requirement* a. English is the applicant’s first language or;
b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or c. An IELTS (Academic) overall
score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500 in Paper-Based Test; 173 in
Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or; e. CU-TEP Test equivalent
score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass the Rangsit University
International College (RIC) Placement Test *An applicant who does not meet the
English language requirement will take the RIC Eng- lish Foundation Programme
before they can start the degree program. Education System & Academic Calendar:
RIC employs the semester system, in which each of the two semesters is 15 weeks
and a summer of 8 weeks in length. Our academic calendar is as follows: • Summer
: June – July • Semester I : August – December • Semester II : January - May
Application Periods:

<<<<<<< HEAD
149
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College IFE
Level II IFE 104 Active Integrated English II IFE 105 English Listening and
Speaking II IFE 106 English Academic Reading and Writing II IFE 011 Bac
International Test II General Education Program (International Program): 30
credits Group 1 and Group 2 15 credits RSU Identity 3 credits
Internationalization and Communication 12 credits - English Language 6 credits -
International Language and International Experience 6 credits Group 3 – Group 8
15 credits

161
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
38
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
• Summer : February – June • Semester I : June – August • Semester lI :
September – January IHI Program • A four year program • Total credit 130 credit
Precollege courses (non-credit): The subjects for International Foundation
English (IFE) are the following: IFE Level I IFE 001 Active Integrated English I
IFE 002 English Listening and Speaking I IFE 003 English Academic Reading I

39
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College IFE
004 English Academic Writing I IFE Level II IFE 005 Active Integrated English II
IFE 006 English Listening and Speaking II IFE 007 English Academic Reading II
IFE 008 English Academic Writing II IFE 009 English Communication and
Presentation General Education Program (International Program): 30 credits Group
1 and Group 2 15 credits RSU Identity 3 credits Internationalization and
Communication 12 credits - English Language 6 credits - International Language
and International Experience 6 credits Group 3 – Group 8 15 credits

<<<<<<< HEAD
152
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College ICT
Study Plan Semester I ICT 111 Introduction to Information 3(3-0-6) Technology
ITA 106/107 Thai Language for 3(2-2-5) Communication/Thai Language for Business
ILE xxx Languages I 3(_-_-_) ILE xxx Languages II 3(_-_-_) ILE xxx Languages III
3(_-_-_) XXX xxx General Education 3(_-_-_) IRS 112 Sport for Health 1(0-2-1)
IRS 111 Social Dhamacracy 2(2-0-4) *Total 21 credits/ 21 credits Semester II MAT
153 Mathematics for 3(3-0-6) Information Technology ILE xxx Languages IV
3(_-_-_) ICT 101 Object-Oriented Technology 3(3-0-6) ICT 102 Computer
Programming I 3(2-2-5) ICT 103 Database System Concept 3(3-0-6)

163
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
• Elective Language 15 credits • Elective 15 credits IV. Free Elective 6 credits

164
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
40
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
(The student can select to study in group 3- group 8 by selecting subject not
exceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of credit is not less than 15
credits) Group 3 - Leadership and Social Responsibility 3 credits Group 4 - Arts
and Culture 3 credits Group 5 - Innovative Entrepreneurship 3 credits Group 6 -
Digital Media Literacy 3 credits Group 7 - Essence of Science 3 credits Group 8
- RSU My-Style 3 credits Core Courses 94 credits l. Professional Foundation
Courses 24 credits II. Require Major Courses 40 credits III. Elective Major
Courses 30 credits

41
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
• Elective Language 15 credits • Elective 15 credits IV. Free Elective 6 credits

35
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Hospitality Industry (IHI) Degree : Bachelor of Arts (Hospitality Industry) B.A.
(Hospitality Industry) Why study IHI? • Extensive knowledge of hospitality
industry • Modern and uniquely design program to enhance career opportunities •
World-leading academics and highly experience lecturers • Multidisciplinary
education • Third language proficiency • Opportunities for practical work
experience and internship • International experience • The outstanding mix of
friends from all over the world Career opportunities: There continues to be a
huge demand for graduate in all areas of IHI, and employment prospects are
excellent, which industry as follows: • Hospitality • Tourism • Hotel • Airlines
• Restaurant • Ministry of tourism • Etc. Qualification 1. Academic Entry
Requirement a. Completed Upper Secondary School (M.6 Certificate) or its
equivalent as

42
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Second Year Semester I XXX xxx (Group 3-8) III 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx
(Group 3-8) IV 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Language IV 3(3-0-6) IHI 210 Special Interest
Tourism 3(3-0-6) IHI 215 Room Division and Front 3(2-2-5) Office XXX xxx
Elective Language II 3(2-2-5) Total 18 Credits Semester II XXX xxx (Group 3-8) V
3(3-0-6) IHI 211 Hotel Operations and 3(3-0-6) Management IHI 213 Geography for
Tourism 3(2-2-5) IHI 313 Airline Business Management 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Elective
Language III 3(2-2-5) XXX xxx Elective I 3(_-_-_) Total 18 Credits IHI Study
Plan Semester I IRS 111 Social Dharmacracy 2(2-0-4) IRS 112 Sports for Health
1(0-2-1) XXX xxx Language I 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Language II 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx (Group
3-8) I 3(3-0-6) IHI 101 International Tourism and 3(3-0-6) Hospitality

<<<<<<< HEAD
165
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
43
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
IHI 102 Psychology for Hospitality 3(3-0-6) Industry and Cross Cultural
Communication Total 18 Credits Semester II XXX xxx Language III 3(3-6-6) XXX xxx
(Group 3-8) II 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Elective Language I 3(2-2-5) IHI 103 Hospitality
Arts and 3(3-0-6) Personality Development IHI 104 Sustainable Hospitality
3(1-4-4) Industry Management IHI 105 Tourist Behavior 3(3-0-6) Total 18 Credits

<<<<<<< HEAD
166
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
44
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Third Year Fourth Year Semester I IHI 401 Ethics and Laws Related to 3(3-0-6)
Hospitality Industry IHI 411 Preparation for internship 1(0-2-1) in Hospitality
Industry IHI 412 Strategic Management and 3(3-0-6) Current Issues in Hospitality
Industry XXX xxx Free Elective I 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Free Elective II 3(_-_-_)
Total 13 Credits Semester II IHI 414 Co-operative Education 6(0-35-18) Total 6
Credits Semester I IHI 214 Food and Beverage 3(2-2-5) Management and Operations
IHI 301 Human Resource 3(3-0-6) Management in Hospitality Industry XXX xxx
Elective II 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Elective III 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Elective Language IV
3(2-2-5) XXX xxx Elective Language V 3(2-2-5) Total 18 Credits Semester II IHI
302 Hospitality Industry 3(2-2-5) Information Systems IHI 310 Housekeeping
Service 3(2-2-5)

<<<<<<< HEAD
167
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Management IHI 311 Tour Package Planning 3(2-2-5) and Management IHI 312
Catering and Banquet 3(2-2-5) Management IHI 410 Hospitality Industry Sales
3(3-0-6) and Marketing XXX xxx Elective IV 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Elective V 3(_-_-_)
Total 21 Credits IHI Study Plan

162
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
(The student can select to study in group 3- group 8 by selecting subject not
exceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of credit is not less than 15
credits) Group 3 - Leadership and Social Responsibility 3 credits Group 4 - Arts
and Culture 3 credits Group 5 - Innovative Entrepreneurship 3 credits Group 6 -
Digital Media Literacy 3 credits Group 7 - Essence of Science 3 credits Group 8
- RSU My-Style 3 credits Core Courses 94 credits l. Professional Foundation
Courses 24 credits II. Require Major Courses 40 credits III. Elective Major
Courses 30 credits

169
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Qualifications: 1. Academic Entry Requirement a. Completed Upper Secondary
School (M.6 Certificate) or its equivalent as recognized by the Thai Ministry of
Education or; b. Completed High School Grade 12 (US System) or; c. Passed 5
subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS Subjects with Grade C or above
(British System) or; d. Completed International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma 2.
English Language Requirement* a. English is the applicant’s first language or;
b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or c. An IELTS (Academic) overall
score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500 in Paper-Based Test; 173 in
Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or; e. CU-TEP Test equivalent
score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass the Rangsit University
International College (RIC) Placement Test g. *An applicant who does not meet
the English language requirement will take the RIC

168
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
46
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
International Relations and Development (IRD) Degree : Bachelor of Arts
(International Relations and Development) B.A. (International Relations and
Development) Why study IRD? • Integrated and comprehensive knowledge of existing
international and global development issues • Modern and uniquely designed
program to enhance career opportunities • Leading academics and highly
experienced lecturers • Multidisciplinary program • Opportunities for
internships in domestic and foreign government agencies • International
Experience and outstanding mix of international students • International field
trips Career opportunities: There is significant demand for graduates
knowledgeable in international relations and develop- ment studies which
include: • Government Ministries • International Organizations •
Non-governmental Organizations • Diplomacy • International Business • Financial
Institutions

<<<<<<< HEAD
170
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
47
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Qualifications: 1. Academic Entry Requirement a. Completed Upper Secondary
School (M.6 Certificate) or its equivalent as recognized by the Thai Ministry of
Education or; b. Completed High School Grade 12 (US System) or; c. Passed 5
subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS Subjects with Grade C or above
(British System) or; d. Completed International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma 2.
English Language Requirement* a. English is the applicant’s first language or;
b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework; or c. An IELTS (Academic) overall
score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score of at least 500 in Paper-Based Test; 173 in
Computer-Based Test; 60 in Internet-Based Test or; e. CU-TEP Test equivalent
score of 70 or other approved equivalents or; f. Pass the Rangsit University
International College (RIC) Placement Test g. *An applicant who does not meet
the English language requirement will take the RIC

24
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
7. Network Administrator/IT support 8. Data Analyst Qualifications: 1. Academic
Entry Requirement a. Completed Upper Secondary School (M.6 Certificate) or its
equivalent as recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education or; b. Completed High
School Grade 12 (US System) or; Information and Communication Technology Program
(ICT)

48
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
English Foundation Programme before they can start the degree program. Education
System & Academic Calendar: RIC employs the semester system, in which each of
the two semesters is 15 weeks and a summer of 8 weeks in length. Our academic
calendar is as follows: • Summer : June – July • Semester I : August – December
• Semester II : January – May Pre-College Courses (non-credit) 19 Credits The
subjects for International Foundation English (IFE) are the following: IFE Level
I IFE 101 Active Integrated English I

<<<<<<< HEAD
171
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
49
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
IFE 102 English Listening and Speaking I IFE 103 English Academic Reading and
Writing I IFE Level II IFE 104 Active Integrated English II IFE 105 English
Listening and Speaking II IFE 106 English Academic Reading and Writing II IFE
011 Bac International Test II General Education Program (International Program)
30 credits I. Group 1 RSU Identity 3 credit II. Group 2 Internationalization and
Communication 12 credit - English Language 6 credit - International Language and
International Experience 6 credit III. Group 3 to Group 8 15 credit (The student
can select to study in group 3 to 8 by selecting subject not exceeding 3 credits
in each group and the total of credit is not less than 15 credit) - Group 3
Leadership and Social Responsibility 3 credit

<<<<<<< HEAD
172
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
50
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
- Group 4 Arts and Culture 3 credit - Group 5 Innovative Entrepreneurship 3
credit - Group 6 Digital Media Literacy 3 credi - Group 7 Essence of Science 3
credit - Group 8 RSU My-Style 3 credit Core Course Requirements 93 credit I.
Professional Foundation Courses 9 credit II. Core Courses Requirements
(Integration) 39 credit III. Major Courses Requirements 36 credit IV. Major
Courses Elective 9 credit V. Free Elective 6 credit

<<<<<<< HEAD
174
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
52
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
XXX xxx Gen.Ed.Group 3 to 8 3(_-_-_) Total 9 credits Semester I PEG 201 Academic
Skills in Political 3(3-0-6) Science and Economics PEG 202 Basic Principles of
Data 3(3-0-6) Analysis in Political Science and Economics POL 202 Introduction
to International 3(3-0-6) Politics and Globalization IRD 101 Introduction to
Southeast Asian 3(3-0-6) Political Economy and Culture IRD 307 International
Organizations 3(3-0-6) and Cooperation XXX xxx Gen.Ed.Language I 3(2-2-5) Total
18 credits Semester II ECO 212 Principle of Macroeconomics 3(3-0-6) ECO 391
Development of Political 3(3-0-6) Economic Thoughts IRD 241 Thai Government and
Politics 3(3-0-6) IRD 250 Political Economy of Asia 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx
Gen.Ed.Language II 3(2-2-5) IRS 111 Social Dharmacracy 2(2-0-4) IRS 112 Sport
for Health 1(0-2-1) Total 18 credits

<<<<<<< HEAD
175
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Third Year Fourth Year Summer IRD 497 Internship 3(0-35-18) Total 3 credits
Semester I PEG 401 Seminar on Contemporary 3(1-4-4) Politics, Economy, and
Global Issues IRD 498 Independent Study 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Free Elective II
3(_-_-_) Total 9 credits OR For Co-operative Education Study Plan Summer IRD 499
Co-operative Education 6(0-35-18) Total 6 credits Semester I PEG 401 Seminar on
Contemporary 3(1-4-4) Politics, Economy, and Global Issues XXX xxx Free Elective
II 3(_-_-_) Total 6 credits Semester I IRD 264 Global Governance and 3(3-0-6)
Development Foreign IRD 334 Policy Analysis 3(3-0-6) IRD 359 International
Security 3(3-0-6) IRD xxx Major Elective I 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Gen. Ed.Group 3 to 8
3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Gen.Ed.Group 3 to 8 3(_-_-_)

176
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Total 18 credits Semester II IRD 401 Research Methodology 3(2-2-5) IRD 339 US
Government and Politics 3(3-0-6) IRD 360 International Politics of 3(3-0-6) Asia
IRD xxx Major Elective II 3(3-0-6) IRD xxx Major Elective III 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx
Free Elective I 3(_-_-_) Total 18 credits International Relations and
Development (IRD) Study Plan

160
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
• Summer : February – June • Semester I : June – August • Semester lI :
September – January IHI Program • A four year program • Total credit 130 credit
Precollege courses (non-credit): The subjects for International Foundation
English (IFE) are the following: IFE Level I IFE 001 Active Integrated English I
IFE 002 English Listening and Speaking I IFE 003 English Academic Reading I

178
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
2. Pass the RIC English Placement Test or IELTs score of 5.5 Master of Science
Program in International Digital Business (International Programme)

177
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Degree : Master of Science (International Digital Business) M.Sc. (International
Digital Business) Why study International Digital Business? • 100 % English
Programme • Multi-cultural environment • Advantage in working with leading
companies • Research publication benefits for future study • Practical Knowledge
from industry’s experts • Inclusive • Company visits in every semester Career
opportunities: • Entrepreneur and Start-up • Digital Marketer • Innovation
Developer • Trade Organizations • Financial Planer • Multinational Corporations
in Sales • Marketing or Import Export • Government: - BOI - Export Promotion -
International Trade - Business Organization - Business Researcher - Business
Consultant, etc. Qualifications : 1. Complete University of its equivalent as
recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education: or Obtain a Bachelor Degree

180
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Master of Science Program in International Digital Business
(International Programme) Semester I IDB 601 International Business 3(3-0-6)
Management in Digital Era IDB 602 Digital Technology for Business 3(3-0-6) IDB
603 Advanced Digital Marketing 3(3-0-6) IDB 604 Digital Entrepreneurial Finance
3(3-0-6) IDB 606 Research Methodology for 3(3-0-6) Digital Business Total 15
credits Semester II IDB 605 Design Thinking and 3(3-0-6) Business Laws in
Digital Context IDB607 Quantitative Analysis and 3(3-0-6) Digital Business
Statistics IDB xxx Elective 3(3-0-6) IDB 699 Thesis 6(0-18-9) Total 15 credits
Semester III IDB Thesis 6(0-18-9) Total 6 credits (PLAN KOR, Thesis Plan) First
Year Semester I IDB 601 International Business 3(3-0-6) Management in Digital
Era

181
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
IDB 602 Digital Technology for 3(3-0-6) Business IDB 603 Advanced Digital
Marketing 3(3-0-6) IDB 604 Digital Entrepreneurial 3(3-0-6) Finance IDB 606
Research Methodology for 3(3-0-6) Digital Business Total 15 credits Semester II
IDB 605 Design Thinking and 3(3-0-6) Business Laws in Digital Context IDB607
Quantitative Analysis and 3(3-0-6) Digital Business Statistics IDB xxx Elective
I 3(3-0-6) IDB xxx Elective II 3(3-0-6) IDB xxx Elective III 3(3-0-6) Total 15
credits Semester III IDB Thesis 6(0-18-9) Total 6 credits (PLAN KHOR,
Independent Study Plan)

182
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Tourism, Hospitality and Sports Program (ITS) Degree : Bachelor of Arts
(Tourism, Hospitality and Sports) B.A. (Tourism, Hospitality and Sports) Why
study ITS? • Extensive knowledge of hospitality industry • Modern and uniquely
design program to enhance career opportunities • World-leading academic and
highly experience lectures • Multidisciplinary education • Third Language
Proficiency • Opportunities for practical work experience and internship •
International Experience • The outstanding mix of friends from all over the
world Career Opportunities There continues to be a huge demand for graduate in
all areas of ITS, and employment prospect are excellent, which industry as
follow: • Hospitality Industry • Hotel • Tourism organization • Restaurant •
Airline business • Cruise • Sports Organization • Ministry of Tourism •
Academics • Etc.

179
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Education System & Academic Calendar : RIC employs the semester system, in which
each of the two semesters is 15 weeks and a summer of 8 weeks in length. Our
academic calendar is as follows: • Summer : June – July • Semester I : August –
December • Semester II : January - May

185
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
IFE Level I IFE 101 Active Integrated English I IFE 102 English Listening and
Speaking I IFE 103 English Academic Reading and Writing I IFE Level II IFE 104
Active Integrated English II IFE 105 English Listening and Speaking II IFE 106
English Academic Reading and Writing II IFE 011 Bac International Test II
General Education 30 Credits General Education Program (International Program):
30 credits Group 1 and Group 2 15 credits RSU Identity 3 credits
Internationalization and Communication 12 credits - English Language 6 credits

173
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
51
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Second Year International Relations and Development (IRD) Study Plan
Semester I POL 206 Introduction to Comparative 3(3-0-6) Politics and Government
ECO 211 Principle of Microeconomics 3(3-0-6) IRD 252 Evolution of World Politics
3(3-0-6) IRD 262 Evolution of World Politics 3(3-0-6) UN and Sustainable
Development IRD 318 China in the 21st Century 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Gen.Ed.Language
III 3(2-2-5) Total 18 credits Semester II PEG 203 The Use of Computer in
3(3-0-6) Political Science and Economics POL 102 Introduction to Political
3(3-0-6) Philosophy IRD 233 Public Policy Analysis 3(3-0-6) IRD 263 Diplomacy
and Negotiations 3(3-0-6) IRD 358 Powers in Asia Pacific 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx
Gen.Ed.Language IV 3(2-2-5) Total 18 credits Summer XXX xxx Gen.Ed.Group 3 to 8
3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Gen.Ed.Group 3 to 8 3(_-_-_)

<<<<<<< HEAD
186
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
- International Language and International Experience 6 credits

187
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Group 3 – Group 8 15 credits (The student can select to study in group 3- group
8 by selecting subject not exceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of
credit is not less than 15 credits) Group 3 - Leadership and Social
Responsibility 3 credits Group 4 - Arts and Culture 3 credits Group 5 -
Innovative Entrepreneurship 3 credits Group 6 - Digital Media Literacy 3 credits
Group 7 - Essence of Science 3 credits Group 8 - RSU My-Style 3 credits Area
Core Courses 94 credits l. Core Course Requirement 24 credits

188
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
II. Major Course Requirement 36 credits III. Major Elective Requirement 24
credits III. Free Elective 6 credits

183
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
53
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Third Year Fourth Year Summer IRD 497 Internship 3(0-35-18) Total 3 credits
Semester I PEG 401 Seminar on Contemporary 3(1-4-4) Politics, Economy, and
Global Issues IRD 498 Independent Study 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Free Elective II
3(_-_-_) Total 9 credits OR For Co-operative Education Study Plan Summer IRD 499
Co-operative Education 6(0-35-18) Total 6 credits Semester I PEG 401 Seminar on
Contemporary 3(1-4-4) Politics, Economy, and Global Issues XXX xxx Free Elective
II 3(_-_-_) Total 6 credits Semester I IRD 264 Global Governance and 3(3-0-6)
Development Foreign IRD 334 Policy Analysis 3(3-0-6) IRD 359 International
Security 3(3-0-6) IRD xxx Major Elective I 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx Gen. Ed.Group 3 to 8
3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Gen.Ed.Group 3 to 8 3(_-_-_)

54
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Total 18 credits Semester II IRD 401 Research Methodology 3(2-2-5) IRD 339 US
Government and Politics 3(3-0-6) IRD 360 International Politics of 3(3-0-6) Asia
IRD xxx Major Elective II 3(3-0-6) IRD xxx Major Elective III 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx
Free Elective I 3(_-_-_) Total 18 credits International Relations and
Development (IRD) Study Plan

55
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Degree : Master of Science (International Digital Business) M.Sc. (International
Digital Business) Why study International Digital Business? • 100 % English
Programme • Multi-cultural environment • Advantage in working with leading
companies • Research publication benefits for future study • Practical Knowledge
from industry’s experts • Inclusive • Company visits in every semester Career
opportunities: • Entrepreneur and Start-up • Digital Marketer • Innovation
Developer • Trade Organizations • Financial Planer • Multinational Corporations
in Sales • Marketing or Import Export • Government: - BOI - Export Promotion -
International Trade - Business Organization - Business Researcher - Business
Consultant, etc. Qualifications : 1. Complete University of its equivalent as
recognized by the Thai Ministry of Education: or Obtain a Bachelor Degree

56
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
2. Pass the RIC English Placement Test or IELTs score of 5.5 Master of Science
Program in International Digital Business (International Programme)

57
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Education System & Academic Calendar : RIC employs the semester system, in which
each of the two semesters is 15 weeks and a summer of 8 weeks in length. Our
academic calendar is as follows: • Summer : June – July • Semester I : August –
December • Semester II : January - May

45
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Management IHI 311 Tour Package Planning 3(2-2-5) and Management IHI 312
Catering and Banquet 3(2-2-5) Management IHI 410 Hospitality Industry Sales
3(3-0-6) and Marketing XXX xxx Elective IV 3(_-_-_) XXX xxx Elective V 3(_-_-_)
Total 21 Credits IHI Study Plan

59
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
IDB 602 Digital Technology for 3(3-0-6) Business IDB 603 Advanced Digital
Marketing 3(3-0-6) IDB 604 Digital Entrepreneurial 3(3-0-6) Finance IDB 606
Research Methodology for 3(3-0-6) Digital Business Total 15 credits Semester II
IDB 605 Design Thinking and 3(3-0-6) Business Laws in Digital Context IDB607
Quantitative Analysis and 3(3-0-6) Digital Business Statistics IDB xxx Elective
I 3(3-0-6) IDB xxx Elective II 3(3-0-6) IDB xxx Elective III 3(3-0-6) Total 15
credits Semester III IDB Thesis 6(0-18-9) Total 6 credits (PLAN KHOR,
Independent Study Plan)

61
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
• Etc. Qualification 1. Academic Entry Requirement a. Complete Upper Secondary
School (M.6 Certificate) or its equivalent as recognized by the Thai Ministry of
Education or; b. Complete High School Grade 12 (US system) or; c. Passed 5
subjects of IGCSE O-Level and 3 subjects of A/AS subjects with Grade C or above
(British System) or; 2. English Language Requirement* a. English is the
applicant’s first language or; b. A score of B2 level in the CEFR framework or;
c. An IELTS (Academic) overall score of 5.5 or; d. TOEFL score at least 500 in
Paper-Based Test; 173 in Computer Based Test; 60 Internet-Based Test or;

<<<<<<< HEAD
190
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
International Experience I ITS 111 Introduction to Tourism, 3(3-0-6) Hospitality
and Sports ITS 113 Hospitality Arts and Personality 3(3-0-6) Development ITS 121
Sustainable Tourism, Hospitality 3(1-4-4) and Sports Management) Total 18
credits Semester II XXX xxx English Language 2 3(2-2-5) XXX xxx International
Language and 3(2-2-5) International Experience II XXX xxx General Education
Group 3-8, I 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx General Education Group 3-8, II 3(x-x-x) ITS 112
Psychology for Hospitality and 3(3-0-6) Cross Cultural Communication ITS 114
Consumer Behavior in Tourism, 3(3-0-6) Hospitality and Sports Total 18 credits

184
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
63
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
IFE Level I IFE 101 Active Integrated English I IFE 102 English Listening and
Speaking I IFE 103 English Academic Reading and Writing I IFE Level II IFE 104
Active Integrated English II IFE 105 English Listening and Speaking II IFE 106
English Academic Reading and Writing II IFE 011 Bac International Test II
General Education 30 Credits General Education Program (International Program):
30 credits Group 1 and Group 2 15 credits RSU Identity 3 credits
Internationalization and Communication 12 credits - English Language 6 credits

64
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
- International Language and International Experience 6 credits

65
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Group 3 – Group 8 15 credits (The student can select to study in group 3- group
8 by selecting subject not exceeding 3 credits in each group and the total of
credit is not less than 15 credits) Group 3 - Leadership and Social
Responsibility 3 credits Group 4 - Arts and Culture 3 credits Group 5 -
Innovative Entrepreneurship 3 credits Group 6 - Digital Media Literacy 3 credits
Group 7 - Essence of Science 3 credits Group 8 - RSU My-Style 3 credits Area
Core Courses 94 credits l. Core Course Requirement 24 credits

62
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College e.
CU-TEP Test equivalent score of 70 or other approved equivalent or; f. Pass the
Rangsit University International College (RIC) Placement Test * An applicant who
does not meet the English language requirement will take the RIC English
Foundation Program before they can start the degree program. Education System
and Academic Calendar Rangsit University Employed the semester system, in which
each of the two semesters is 15 weeks and summer of 8 weeks in length. Our
academic calendar is as follow: • Summer : June - July • Semester I : August -
December • Semester II : January - May Application Periods: • Summer : February
- June • Semester I : June - August • Semester II : September - January ITS
Program • Four years’ program • Total 120 credits Pre-College Courses
(non-credit) 19 Credits The subjects for International Foundation English (IFE)
are the following: IFE Level I

<<<<<<< HEAD
192
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
=======
66
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
II. Major Course Requirement 36 credits III. Major Elective Requirement 24
credits III. Free Elective 6 credits

67
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Second Year ITS Study Plan Semester I XXX xxx General Education Group
3-8, III3(x-x-x) XXX xxx General Education 3(x-x-x) Group 3-8, IV ITS 221 Hotel
Business Management 3(3-0-6) ITS 223 Tourism Management 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx
Elective I 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Elective II 3(x-x-x) Total 18 credits Semester II
XXX xxx General Education Group 3-8, v 3(x-x-x) ITS 222 Tourism, Hospitality and
3(3-0-6) Sports Innovation ITS 224 Tour Operator and Travel 3(2-2-5) Agent
Planning and Management XXX xxx Elective III 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Elective IV
3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Free Elective I 3(x-x-x) Total 18 credits Semester I IRS 111
Social Dharmacracy 2(2-0-4) IRS 112 Sports for Health 1(0-2-1) XXX xxx English
Language I 3(2-2-5) XXX xxx International Language and 3(2-2-5)

34
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Communication Technology ICT 402 Bachelor of Science 3(2-2-5) Research Skills
[ICT 494] Introduction to Senior 2(2-0-4) Project Networking *Total 8 credits/6
credits Semester II [ICT 495] Senior Project 3(0-6-3) or [ICT 498] Co-operation
Education 6(0-35-18) *Total 3 credits/6 credits *Note: There are two plans.
i.e., senior project (A) and co-operative education (B) denoted by total credits
A credits/B credits respective ICT Study Plan

69
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Third Year Fourth Year Summer ITS 411 Ethics and Laws Related 3(3-0-6) to
Tourism, Hospitality and Sports ITS 491 Preparation for internship 3(2-2-5) ITS
493 Seminar in Tourism, 3(2-2-5) Hospitality and Sports XXX xxx Free Elective II
3(x-x-x) Total 12 credits Semester II ITS 494 Internship 3(0-35-18) Total 3
credits Semester I ITS 311 Human Resource Management 3(3-0-6) in Tourism,
Hospitality and Sports ITS 313 Marketing Strategy for Tourism, 3(3-0-6)
Hospitality and Sports ITS 321 Airline Business Management 3(3-0-6) ITS 323
logistics for Tourism, 3(3-0-6) Hospitality and Sports XXX xxx Elective V
3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Elective VI 3(x-x-x) Total 18 credits Semester II ITS 312
Tourism, Hospitality and 3(2-2-5) Sports Information System

70
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
ITS 322 Sport Tourism Management 3(2-2-5) ITS 324 Digital Marketing for Tourism,
3(3-0-6) Hospitality and Sports XXX xxx Elective VII 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Elective
VIII 3(x-x-x) Total 15 credits ITS Study Plan

<<<<<<< HEAD
193
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
=======
71
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
THE INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE ACADEMIC CALENDAR SEMESTER 2/2023 November 13 –
December 6, 2023 Pre-Registration Period via Intranet System and make a bank
transfer payment วันลงทะเบียนเรียนล่วงหน้า พิมพ์ใบโอนเงินผ่านทางธนาคาร ผ่านระบบ
Intranet ภาค 2/2566 และชําระเงินผ่านทางธนาคาร December 13 – 2 0, 2023
Late-Registration Period without fee via Intranet System
วันลงทะเบียนล่าช้าโดยยกเว้นค่าธรรมเนียมปรับ/เพิ่มวิชา/ถอนรายวิชาผ่านระบบ
Intranet ภาค 2/2566 และชําระเงินผ่านธนาคาร December 31, 2023 – January 1, 2024
Public Holiday (New Year’s Eve) and Public Holiday (New Year) หยุดวันสิ้นปี
และหยุด วันขึ้นปีใหม่ January 2, 2024 Public Holiday (New Year’s Eve) and Public
Holiday (New Year) หยุด ชดเชยวันสิ้นปีและหยุดชดเชยวันขึ้นปีใหม่ January 5, 2024
RIC Orientation วันปฐมนิเทศนักศึกษาใหม่ วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ January 8, 2024 First
day of classes วันเปิดภาคเรียน First day of late-registration with fee*

<<<<<<< HEAD
194
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
=======
73
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
หยุด ชดเชย วันมาฆบูชา

72
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
วันแรกของการลงทะเบียนล่าช้าโดยเสียค่าธรรมเนียมปรับ/เพิ่มวิชา/ถอนรายวิชา January
19, 2024 Last day of late-registration with fee*
วันสุดท้ายของการลงทะเบียนล่าช้าโดยเสียค่าธรรมเนียมปรับ/เพิ่มวิชา Last day of
withdrawal without “W” record and receive full credit fees refunded
วันสุดท้ายของการถอนวิชาเรียนโดยไม่บันทึก “W”
และได้รับค่าหน่วยกิตคืนเป็นเงินโอนเก็บเต็มจํานวน January 22 – 26, 2024 Period of
near-graduated student’s request for graduation in Semester 2/2022
วันแจ้งจบการศึกษาสําหรับนักศึกษาที่คาดว่าจะจบภาคเรียนที่ 2/2565 January 25, 2024
RSU Anniversary Day วันสถาปนามหาวิทยาลัยรังสิต January 26, 2024 Last day for
changing “I” grade and last day for summarizing the list of graduates in Term
1/2023 วันสุดท้ายของการเปลี่ยนสัญลักษณ์ I
และวันสุดท้ายของการตัดรายชื่อผู้สําเร็จการศึกษา ภาค 1/2566 February 24, 2024
Public Holiday (Makha Bucha Day) หยุดวันมาฆบูชา February 26, 2024 Public Holiday
(Makha Bucha Day)

<<<<<<< HEAD
195
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
หยุด ชดเชย วันมาฆบูชา

197
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
Note: RIC will not, except in very unusual circumstances, grant permission to
individual students for an early final examination. Updated: 07/10/2022

196
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
=======
74
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
February 27 – March 1, 2024 Term Break พักระหว ่ างเทอม February 27 – March 28,
2024 Freshmen Sports Day “Phayorm Games” วันกีฬาพยอมเกมส์ ครั้งที่ 16 April 6,
2024 Public Holiday (Chakri Memorial Day) หยุดวันมหาจักรี April 8, 2024 Public
Holiday (Chakri Memorial Day) หยุด ชดเชย วันมหาจักรี April 12, 2024 Last day of
withdrawal with “W” record วันสุดท้ายของการถอนวิชาเรียนโดยการบันทึก “W” April 13
– 15, 2024 Public Holidays (Songkran Festival Day) หยุดวันมหาสงกรานต์ April 16 -
1 7, 2024 Public Holidays (Songkran Festival Day) หยุดชดเชยวันมหาสงกรานต์ April
26, 2024 Last day of classes วันสุดท้ายของการเรียนการสอน April 29 - M ay 9, 2024
Final Examination วันสอบปลายภาค (เว้นวันที่ 6 พฤษภาคม 2567) May 4, 2024 Public
Holiday (Coronation Day) หยุดวันฉัตรมงคล May 6, 2024 Public Holiday (Coronation
Day) หยุด ชดเชย วันฉัตรมงคล *Late registration fee is 500 THB per day.

<<<<<<< HEAD
189
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Second Year ITS Study Plan Semester I XXX xxx General Education Group
3-8, III3(x-x-x) XXX xxx General Education 3(x-x-x) Group 3-8, IV ITS 221 Hotel
Business Management 3(3-0-6) ITS 223 Tourism Management 3(3-0-6) XXX xxx
Elective I 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Elective II 3(x-x-x) Total 18 credits Semester II
XXX xxx General Education Group 3-8, v 3(x-x-x) ITS 222 Tourism, Hospitality and
3(3-0-6) Sports Innovation ITS 224 Tour Operator and Travel 3(2-2-5) Agent
Planning and Management XXX xxx Elective III 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Elective IV
3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Free Elective I 3(x-x-x) Total 18 credits Semester I IRS 111
Social Dharmacracy 2(2-0-4) IRS 112 Sports for Health 1(0-2-1) XXX xxx English
Language I 3(2-2-5) XXX xxx International Language and 3(2-2-5)

191
/Users/shoon/Desktop/enhanced-faq/backend/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Third Year Fourth Year Summer ITS 411 Ethics and Laws Related 3(3-0-6) to
Tourism, Hospitality and Sports ITS 491 Preparation for internship 3(2-2-5) ITS
493 Seminar in Tourism, 3(2-2-5) Hospitality and Sports XXX xxx Free Elective II
3(x-x-x) Total 12 credits Semester II ITS 494 Internship 3(0-35-18) Total 3
credits Semester I ITS 311 Human Resource Management 3(3-0-6) in Tourism,
Hospitality and Sports ITS 313 Marketing Strategy for Tourism, 3(3-0-6)
Hospitality and Sports ITS 321 Airline Business Management 3(3-0-6) ITS 323
logistics for Tourism, 3(3-0-6) Hospitality and Sports XXX xxx Elective V
3(x-x-x) XXX xxx Elective VI 3(x-x-x) Total 18 credits Semester II ITS 312
Tourism, Hospitality and 3(2-2-5) Sports Information System
=======
75
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/academic calendar  2-2023.pdf
Note: RIC will not, except in very unusual circumstances, grant permission to
individual students for an early final examination. Updated: 07/10/2022

58
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
First Year Master of Science Program in International Digital Business
(International Programme) Semester I IDB 601 International Business 3(3-0-6)
Management in Digital Era IDB 602 Digital Technology for Business 3(3-0-6) IDB
603 Advanced Digital Marketing 3(3-0-6) IDB 604 Digital Entrepreneurial Finance
3(3-0-6) IDB 606 Research Methodology for 3(3-0-6) Digital Business Total 15
credits Semester II IDB 605 Design Thinking and 3(3-0-6) Business Laws in
Digital Context IDB607 Quantitative Analysis and 3(3-0-6) Digital Business
Statistics IDB xxx Elective 3(3-0-6) IDB 699 Thesis 6(0-18-9) Total 15 credits
Semester III IDB Thesis 6(0-18-9) Total 6 credits (PLAN KOR, Thesis Plan) First
Year Semester I IDB 601 International Business 3(3-0-6) Management in Digital
Era

68
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
International Experience I ITS 111 Introduction to Tourism, 3(3-0-6) Hospitality
and Sports ITS 113 Hospitality Arts and Personality 3(3-0-6) Development ITS 121
Sustainable Tourism, Hospitality 3(1-4-4) and Sports Management) Total 18
credits Semester II XXX xxx English Language 2 3(2-2-5) XXX xxx International
Language and 3(2-2-5) International Experience II XXX xxx General Education
Group 3-8, I 3(x-x-x) XXX xxx General Education Group 3-8, II 3(x-x-x) ITS 112
Psychology for Hospitality and 3(3-0-6) Cross Cultural Communication ITS 114
Consumer Behavior in Tourism, 3(3-0-6) Hospitality and Sports Total 18 credits

60
/Users/apple/Desktop/Ingyinn Swe/RSU/ICT211/enhanced-faq/public/data/International 23-24 (หลักสูตร).pdf
Rangsit University Bulletin 2023-2024 วิทยาลัยนานาชาติ International College
Tourism, Hospitality and Sports Program (ITS) Degree : Bachelor of Arts
(Tourism, Hospitality and Sports) B.A. (Tourism, Hospitality and Sports) Why
study ITS? • Extensive knowledge of hospitality industry • Modern and uniquely
design program to enhance career opportunities • World-leading academic and
highly experience lectures • Multidisciplinary education • Third Language
Proficiency • Opportunities for practical work experience and internship •
International Experience • The outstanding mix of friends from all over the
world Career Opportunities There continues to be a huge demand for graduate in
all areas of ITS, and employment prospect are excellent, which industry as
follow: • Hospitality Industry • Hotel • Tourism organization • Restaurant •
Airline business • Cruise • Sports Organization • Ministry of Tourism •
Academics • Etc.
>>>>>>> bf398d005a0a7dfec0a1b414c32f6a9bd8e61d01
